0	P	Professor Barna is the best. Super wise and hilarious, Prof. Barna knows a lot about historical cultures. His class is an attainable A if you just fill out the study guide for the finals and midterms. Almost no hw. He teaches based on what he wants us to know rather than what what we don't know(if that makes sense). Rambles sometimes. TAKE HIM!!!!
1	P	Professor Barna, if anything, is an amazing professor. Although he does tend to go off on tangents at times, it's not a bad thing to me. His tangents make his lectures more interesting, more entertaining, and, in my opinion, more efficient. His unique and distinct perspective on the books we read only further the previous statement. Take his class.
2	N	NYU Liberal Studies is a HUGE waste of money and professors like Barna prove just why. Every class he goes off on random tangents talking about god knows what. Then when it hits finals and midterms he decides to cram all the info that he shouldve been teaching the entire time. Barna is a clown professor, so if you want to waste tuition hes great.
3	N	John Barna's class is an absolute joke. He goes off topic for most of the class period, repeats himself every single lesson, and fills the rest of his class period with useless junk. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your tuition on taking this man's class.
4	N	Professor Barna is a funny person who enjoys talking about his fencing team. If you are not a fan of CF and want to get a good grade, consider taking his class.
5	N	Do yourself a favor, don't take Professor Barna. It is a solid waste of your tuition. He only cares about his sports teams, which you should join if you are stuck in his class. Never really teaches anything and his tests are at least three times as long as any other CF test (literally took me just under 4 hours).
6	P	Professor Barna is a living LEGEND. Legit if you play sports and join his intramural team, you are guaranteed an A. I don't think he actually grades exams/papers (because we never got our midterm and final back+paper). And for those who don't play sport, just fill out the study guide because that is the exam.
7	N	DO NOT TAKE if you don't love culture things and these books. He has extra class which will influence your grade, and his study guide is horribly tough, though u can pass exams with study guide.
8	P	He's caring, very lenient with deadlines. He gives you a study guide for the exam with the questions related to the exam. Class is very relaxed, you don't need to participate and he talks a lot. You don't need to take a lot of notes in class.
9	P	great professor, talks a lot in class, does not care if you listen or not. one of the best in nyu
10	P	Definitely taking Barna again. Very understanding if you ever needed an extension or missed a class for something important. If you were late and spoke to him after class about it he'd usually just mark you as "present. " He gave study guides that could be filled out and used on midterm/final which were very easy but very long. No one really read.
11	P	Barna is the best professor at NYU! Easiest A and a great class to catch up on your sleep. Take him!
12	P	Barna's a legend - TAKE HIM!! Play for his intramural team/talk to him about sportsA. His lectures are quite useless so use them as a study hall. Midterm and finals are long but you get a study guide - and NOTHING else comes. In fact, u can even meet him outside class and he'll help u fill the whole study guide! He's the easiest professor at NYU.
13	N	Barna is the easiest A you'll ever recieve. Sweet guy and means well but if you actually want to learn something do NOT take him. Also trying to stay awake during his lectures proves incredibly difficult.
14	P	Living legend. Show up to class, fill out the study guides that you get to use on the exams and you will get an A. He's the easiest teacher at nyu.
15	N	He is genuinely very kind. He rambles off topic a lot; read and teach yourself and be up to date with booksHe is very lenient on work, I turned in everything on the last day of class. Literally just go to class do not skip and just talk to him time to time and you will probably get an A-. if you discuss in class (literally anything) he'll love you.
16	P	He is truly an "old fashioned" professor. If you take him, prepare to have 2 very long midterms, but he gives you them beforehand and lets you take them with the test. Definitely do not wait to the last night to fill them out and you will be more than OK. I love JB and if you can manage your time you will as well.
17	N	I thought I would be able to sit through his long, boring, useless, and off-topic lectures all semester for the easy A, but I was terribly mistaken. I did not learn a single useful thing, and to top it off, he EXPECTS you to attend extra classes OUTSIDE of the normal class schedule at the end of the year because of his disorganization.
18	N	Professor Barna is a nice guy who is passionate about classic literature. His lectures can get so far off topic, however, that sometimes it feels as though he's really rushing through material. He spent the first two classes of the semester telling us how "different" he is from every other professor at NYU... which is what every professor thinks.
19	P	Such a nice guy. Very clear on his expectations and a fair grader. He is always willing to help and will make sure you understand all material before a midterm or final. Interesting lectures and great professor overall. Highly recommended
20	P	A LEGEND!!!! One of my favorite professors at NYU so far. I took him for sf1 and for sf2 & may take him again for sf3! Unfortunately he did have health problems last semester but that is out of his control & I managed to get a good grade anyway. I think you really only need to do the reading & work hard on the essays and you will be fine!
21	N	There is essentially no clear grading criteria, so unless you know the way he grades get ready to be screwed over. He is a nice guy but will not compromise on anything. During our class he was out for almost half the semester due to health problems, which is out of his control of course, but he expected us to do ALL of the work without teaching.
22	P	Portanova is a quirky, nice professor who makes for an enjoyable class. He sometimes goes on tangents but always makes sure the material needed is taught. The readings can be a bit heavy but if you participate or ask a Q once every class you will be fine. Midterms and finals are easy as long as you paid attention. Ask him about his dachshund.
23	P	Portanova is a great professor. He is very lecture heavy (and yes, will go on tangents), but it's obvious that it's because he's passionate about what he's teaching. He's very accessible outside of class, and he gives great feedback during office hours. Just make a point to comment/ask questions during class, because he does grade on participation.
24	N	Portanova can be a great guy but most of his lectures were irrelevant and he would often go off on tangents. Wanted students to participate for a grade but never opened the class for discussions and whenever students did participate, he would talk down to them to prove he had more knowledge on the subject.
25	P	DO THE READING!! if you do the VERY CLEARLY LISTED READINGS and take okay notes than you're solid for his class because he pretty much goes over the readings in more detail. For SF1 there are 2 essays, pretty easy midterm and final. He lectures mostly but adds humor ever so often. It's not THAT hard to do well in his class
26	N	It was hard to keep up with his course, but he is a great person.
27	P	Portanova is one of the best professors I've had at NYU. You definitely have to do the readings before class, but it makes the lectures engaging. He also picks really interesting literature for the class that covers more than just White European authors. His exams are straightforward but he's a tough grader on papers - but office hours are helpful
28	P	You have to put the time into this class. Do the readings, take notes, listen well in lectures. Portanova is a fantastic lecturer - so much knowledge to share and fun stories thrown in for effect! It's a hard class, but it's rewarding when you put in the effort. Lots of reading, and he expects you to participate in speaking to it in class.
29	P	Professor Portanova is incredibly intelligent and knowledgable. His lectures are very interesting and he has a sweet, quirky sense of humor. He is always at least 10 mins late. But he gives very straightforward and interesting reading and paper assignments. Ask him about his dachshund.
30	P	Joseph is my favorite teacher at NYU. His lectures are hysterical, and incredibly interesting. Make sure to go to class because he bases his exams on content of class discussions, but they're really not hard if you do the reviews. His office hours also helped in the two papers he assigns, and he's a very fair grader. All in all a phenomenal human
31	P	He knows literally everything about the material. Very knowledgable but his reading expectations are wild. He never cancels class, but he will likely be about 10-20 minutes late every single day. Midterms/finals aren't hard (only 3 questions) so really only need to thoroughly study 2 texts for each exam. Don't waste your time studying everything.
32	N	Honestly I was surprised by the class quality based on these comments. Boring lectures, talks over you, always late, completely arbitrary grading system that he almost refused to explain. Sweet guy but not a great professor.
33	N	Showed up late to class 7 out of 10 times and would start class 15 minutes late. He grades for participation but doesn't ask a lot of questions. Tried to participate and he spoke over me. Goes on tangents a lot, can't be sure what to write down.
34	P	I took him for both SFI and SFII and it was a blast. He is knowledgeable and loves participation. If you do the readings and listen to the lectures, you will do fine. He expects a lot in essays but the exams are definitely doable. He's hilarious and just an adorable human being. 10/10 would take again. I wanted to but his classes fill up so quickly
35	P	My friend and I used to refer to him as King Joseph the Reasonable. If he gives you a bad grade, it's totally fair, and he doesn't expect anything insane from you in order to get an A. He can be surprisingly funny and charming, and his map-making skills are INSANE. Super memorable!!
36	P	Great professor, signed "swifty Morgan."
37	P	I LOVE Portanova. He expects a certain amount of dedication and effort from his students, but altogether he's not a particularly hard grader. Read the assigned hw, and you'll do just fine in class and probably on the midterm/final, too. His lectures were interesting (the man is so knowledgeable) and he told fun stories in them. Also, field trips!
38	P	Portanova really cares about the material he teaches, very prepared for class, and there a wide variety of materials used: literature, poetry, art, photography, film--you name it. He makes the class exciting with his jokes and whiteboard drawings, also very engaging. Helpful during office hours, excellent professor. Assignments are interesting too.
39	P	Professor Portanova is really knowledgeable and passionate about the areas he teaches, but he can be unclear on grading criteria. Definitely do the assigned readings (there's a lot) and answer the discussion questions before class. Really helps you understand the material better.
40	N	Terrible professor with even worse grading. The course allows for no improvement even if there's a drastic change in writing. Extremely boring lectures, with some expecting you to read a whole book in between classes. Worst professor I've had at NYU.
41	N	Incredibly boring lectures, complete with zero student interaction and unclear grading. Uses very obscure grading scale. Nearly all of the midterm and final was definitions. Seems very kind, but is ruthless when it comes to grading. I would definitely recommend that you, at all costs, do not take this class. Your choice - choose wisely.
42	N	Horribly monotonous and boring--no clear grading criteria whatsoever. An extremely closed-minded professor who will branch off into pop culture tangents constantly and expects you to memorize passages and lengthy definitions verbatim for the midterm/final. Would rather switch majors than take this class again.
43	N	Her grading expectations are unclear. For the midterms and finals, you better memorize EVERYTHING to the T, or it's OVER for you :(. Not very open-minded to other ways of thinking but her own. Worst professor I have ever had. Would not recommend taking. I only took her because no one else was available. Good luck! You'll need it :(
44	N	Her midterm did not make sense and she would take points off for things if you did not do it EXACTLY as she wanted. Not open to different ideas and ways of thinking other than her own. Her examples of "good writing" are subpar. If you use class notes she tells you not to/ penalizes you. But then its like why am i coming to class then?
45	N	She clearly cares about the subject, which is the only positive I saw with her. I never do reviews on this but she was so bad I felt I had an obligation. She expects yuo to follow her guidelines for writing essays, deviate in the slightest and you earn yourself an F. This would sound fine if her guidelines weren't ridiculous.
46	N	Pamela Brown is a very disengaging professor. Not only does she lecture in a monotonous tone, but her expectations are also ridiculous. She holds a very high standard for your assignments, and if you deviate slightly from her guidelines, you will be marked down.
47	N	Horrible teacher. Every class is identical, she gets in front of the class and just reads the book. I didn't learn anything in this class, and was constantly frustrated with how much of a waste a time the class was. Also, she grades on whether she likes you or not. On her midterm and final you are required to memorize word for word paragraphs.
48	N	Ridiculous. you will put the most effort into this class to get the worst grade.
49	P	Number one piece of advice for this class is to ask for help! She's super happy to tell you what she wants and will let you know if you're on the right track. Her desired writing style is hard to get used to, and she can be a tough grader, but if you try hard you will do pretty well. Her lectures are info heavy and very interesting.
50	N	Tests are based on very specific parts of the lecture, make sure to study definitions ahead of time.
51	N	I struggled to stay awake every single class, and I wasn't the only one. Students barely understood what she was teaching. The work wasn't too bad if you pay attention, but that's the hard part. Didn't understand that we aren't advanced philosophy students (if you are, you'll do well) and were just taking this because it was required.
52	P	Prof Brown was the best professor I've had at NYU. She really cares about her students and is very helpful in everything. Her lectures are amazing and she is very knowledgeable. When compared to the other profs I've taken who just waste time in class doing meaningless discussions she actually teaches A LOT. Take her if you actually want to learn!
53	N	Professor Brown is one of the most boring professors I've had so far, her lectures drag on. Also, the topics for her essays are insanely intricate and require you to read the prompt at least 15 times to even get some kind of understanding on what its asking. That being said, her exams are easy she gives you pretty much the entire test beforehand.
54	N	Worst prof i've ever had
55	N	A very intelligent professor, but has no room for others' opinions, which makes her appear stuck up and condescending. The material is fairly easy but Prof. Brown manages to complicate it deliberately, and makes students believe that the class is hard and their low grades are fair. An acceptable professor, but doesn't suit NYU at all.
56	P	Professor Brown is amazing! She's tough but that Really motivated me to do my best in her class. I can say that of all my professors this semester, I got the most out of her. She really wants the best for her students. Especially when it comes to writing. Definitely not a class you can easily bs. An A is doable but it will take hard work.
57	N	Literally the worst professor I've ever had. She is entirely uninspirational and boring. Get ready to literally memorize entire paragraphs and write the dullest, most obvious essays possible. I love reading and writing and even for me she made every book completely tiresome. Do not take her, please. She will ruin good literature for you.
58	N	She is an extremely tough grader, and her expectations of good writing were very hard for me to understand and carry out in my essays. She is pretty arrogant when she talks to you, and is very firm in her own beliefs, and is not open to other beliefs. Weekly blogs count towards participation. Absolutely avoid her if you want an easy class.
59	N	She is a very intelligent woman who knows her stuff and succeeds in making everything clear for students to understand, but she is one of the harshest graders I've ever had. 20 verbatim paragraph-long definitions required for midterm and final, and only worth 15% of the whole test. Kills us on grading essays, her idea of "good writing" is ridiculou
60	P	Prof. Tucker is the best! He is an amazing lecturer, and he is clearly very excited and passionate about politics. He gives an outline of every lecture in advance so you know what key topics will be touched on. I cannot stress enough how great he is. Your grade is really up to the TAs, but they were great and graded objectively.
61	P	GO TO LECTURES!!! There is no textbook so what he says in class constitutes most of the exams. His lectures are well-organized and super informational that little time for questions and chats is allowed. Though he is not that accessible outside class, I'm fortunate that I met a great TA. Reading isn't strictly required if your goal is to pass.
62	P	Excellent lecturer, one of the best at NYU. Course well-organized, never any surprises. Tucker always explains objectives & structure of each lesson, is clear & direct. Attendance not taken but you should go, unless you plan to teach urself through very dense readings. HIGHLY recommend for POL majors needing to fulfill core, start here or POL-UA300
63	P	I absolutely love professor Tucker. He basically covers the material in the readings during class, so the readings are more to further your understanding. I don't think it's a lot of reading, it's manageable. He's an amazing lecturer, makes everything very clear and he's clearly passionate and knowledgeable. Definitely recommend taking his class!
64	P	Incredible and likable professor who gives very engaging lectures. There is a lot of reading which can help further your knowledge in the course, but its not necessarily necessary to do well in the class as long as you take great lecture notes and have a good recitation. Love the class, highly recommend.
65	P	i love him. he's a passionate, respected, acclaimed, handsome genius and the best lecturer. only reason to not take him is if you hate learning. superfluous amounts of reading, but not impossible with good time management (& they align with lectures). attend/listen to lecture since he only speaks/writes. advanced material, but not a hard course.
66	P	Overall great professor with engaging lecture. The readings are painful sometimes and ignore them if you have to since they are only worth a few marks on the tests. Focus on/attend all lectures, ask questions in recitations and make comprehensive study guides for tests you will do great.
67	N	WAY too many readings, and they're all heavily important, but not explicitly discussed and dissected. He seems uncomfortable teaching in front of a classroom and has illegible handwriting. His notes often are one worded and more dependent on the verbal content. A LOT of information, no concise outline or takeaways for each topic.
68	P	His lectures are amazing, and the amount of reading has been reduced. Honestly, you don't have to do the readings, but you do have to go to lecture because he breaks down all the concepts really well. Learned a LOT! Grading is entirely dependent on your TAs, and I find the grading to be pretty harsh, but I still think the class is worth it.
69	P	Very very very good professor. Lectures are really good - he's super knowledge and funny too - horrible handwriting tho. Just go to lecture + recitation and a bit of studying and you'll be fine
70	N	Tough grader. I had the worst TA which really ruined my experience.
71	N	The class is reading intensive; tons of readings each week and are responsible for in both recitation and the exams and paper. The TAs determine your grade, understand what they look for to get an A. My grade dropped from an A to a B+ because of JUST ONE essay answer on the final the TA did not like on the final. Take the class with caution.
72	P	A really great class and one of the best professors I've had. Class is difficult with a lot of reading and a large focus on Eastern Europe. Taught like a second year course with high expectations and tough grading. Do most to all of the required reading and attend lecture to do well.
73	P	Professor Tucker is one of the best professors I've ever had. You listen to the lectures and do some supplemental reading and you will get an A. By far, the most interesting politics class I've taken. Highly recommend!
74	P	I love Josh!!! he's amazing and cares so much about what he does. He grades hard but he really cares and is available if you need help. His lectures are engaging and amazing. Recitation sucks but what can you do.
75	N	Spoke way too quickly and often confused the class by repeating the same thing so many times--not as if he wanted to give us different ways of understanding a concept but as if he hadn't prepared the best way to articulate his thoughts before the lecture. Always 5-10 minutes late. But the first 10 lectures were great and grading was very fair.
76	P	JT was an excellent lecturer, makes complicated topics more simple. He is very helpful outside of class as well. There is however, a lot of reading. Make sure to go to the lecture, most of the material, if not all, is important for the final. I personally did not do a single reading (they were way too long, wordy, etc.) but did pretty ok.
77	P	This man is so interesting. I could listen to him talk all day, but in the end, the workload was too much for me so I had to drop the class. I'd say, it would be a great class to take pass/fail, but there is a lot of work involved. He is very unapologetic about the amount of work, but he's a great professor.
78	N	Yes he is a very smart professor. Simplifies the readings well. BUT TOO MUCH READINGS TO THE POINT IT IS NOT DOABLE. Also it is very easy to get a B but not an A. To get an A, you have to be extremely close with your TA, because they have so much power over your grades. One thing con is that professor is not a very active part in giving grades.
79	P	He is honestly one of the best professors Ive had his lectures are very engaging and interesting. he is very clear in terms of grading criteria. if you do the readings and study for the exam it is not a hard class. he's very helpful and approachable
80	P	This course needs no homework, no tests. All you need to do to receive an easy A is to write a good 30-page journal about your experience during the semester. I need to say, a lot of students dislike Ollman just because they do not understand the lecture. Believe me, listen to his lectures carefully and read some of his books, you'll love him.
81	P	Great intro to socialism if it's something ur interested in. Ppl get offended when he doesn't take their very tired criticisms seriously but don't get that he's studied the stuff for 60 years n ur a college freshman. Don't worry about missing lectures too much just make up with readings. Work on your journal weekly and you'll ace. Great funny guy
82	N	His lecturers are unorganized, the class had no syllabus. You have to get 10 books but he doesnt give clear directions on when to read them. The whole class is based on a journal where you basically have to pretend to be a Marxist in order to get an A. If you show you put effort into your journal you'll probably get an A. He's all about ur opinions
83	P	I honestly don't think Ollman grades based on political belief. At all. My Journal was probably more leaning on the conservative side than most, but I still ended up with an A. You just have to be clear with your arguments and not procrastinate until the very last few days to do this 20-30 page journal. Really interesting guy.
84	P	The negative review on here sort of make me sad. I mean I definitely get the criticisms people have of him but personally I really enjoyed his class. He's this delightful socialist dude who's really accommodating to student issues. His lectures are definitely hard to follow though, but they are still very interesting.
85	P	Professor Ollman is one of the most interesting professors that I've had at NYU. I believe his books are rather well read in the world of Marxist or dialectical works. The main coursework are from his books, which really analyzes Marx's concepts and connects them to current events in class. Do the readings and work on the journal weekly :)
86	N	Absolutely horrible professor. Just do not take him if you want a meaningful experience.
87	N	Worst professor I have ever had. Repeated the same vague statements every class; would forget what readings he assigned; doesn't engage students or learn students' names. Avoid even if you are incredibly interested in Marxism (as I am) since most of the reading is just Ollman's theory--a quack elliptical pseudo-philosophy. A disgrace to the dept.
88	P	This was an amazing class. If you do the readings he puts on his syllabus, you can write a great journal to get an A. Dont be shy to reach out for help if you are confused about your grade. He'll be happy to meet with you and discuss and potentially amend it. Life changing. Opened my eyes to the horrors of capitalist society. Who is John Galt.
89	N	I'm very interested in Marxist theory and I was having trouble staying awake during lectures. I don't think he plans class at all, just walks in and talks for an hour. Don't bother asking him a question or attempting to disagree with him, he'll flat out ignore you. Very disappointed.
90	N	as a poly student, course was convenient in satisfying humanities requirement. not writing intensive, only a 30-50 pg journal about your thoughts, reactions, and summaries of lectures due at the end of the semester. gives you the freedom to choose to either begin writing journal at the beginning of semester or later on. Easy A course. alright prof
91	N	People are too harsh on him. Good course; the only assignment is a journal which everybody puts off until the last minute. Come in with an open mind, show up to every lecture, do the readings, and you'll learn a lot. It also would have been nice if he would tie the material to current events and real life - it would have been more cool like that.
92	N	this guy man. He was an awful teacher, easy class if you don't want to do anything and procrastinate till the very end
93	N	I'm very interested in socialist Marxist theory but I wish he took a more modern approach on it. He did not encourage discussion at all and whenever someone would ask a question about what he was saying he often dismissed them. I can tell he's knowledgeable, but some of what he says seems very 60s, and his lectures are hard to pay attention to.
94	N	Lectures are repetitive and I find myself not going to class often because he often says the same things. No tests or essays whatsoever, just a 40 pg journal due at the end of the semester and he wants you to read 4 books on socialism. Doesn't believe in grades. Hard-core Marxist. Take this course. Super easy A and the material is interesting.
95	N	I took him for Socialist Theory. I'm interested in the subject but didn't find him to be a great lecturer. The books he published were clearer than his lectures, which helped with the 40 page journal due at the end of the course (the only assignment).
96	N	Professor Ollman is 1 of a kind. If you do not get distracted easily and can focus 100% without drifting for 75min, you will be fine. If you listen to lecture from start to finish, you will learn more than from most other professors. Grade is based off a 40 page journal. You can disagree with him and still get an A. I did, but had to be thorough.
97	N	I would not recommend this class, because the entire grade is a 40 page journal that details your journey through socialism. The problem is that there is no rubric and no way to check your progress so you don't have any clue what your grade will be. He hates grades and it shows.
98	N	Terrible
99	N	One of the biggest morons I had in college. He basically blackmailed the class into engaging in extra-curricular activities that were important to him and his socialist buddies by threatening to not give everyone an "A". Frequently late and never prepared. Lectured(if you can call it that) by the seat of his pants. A real jackass.
100	N	Be ready to teach yourself. Homework require you to do work based on the chapter that is covered in the lecture after the due date, which makes it kind of pointless to go to class. But that forces you to read the book which helps with understanding the material well. Entertaining homeworks, easy second midterm (repeats questions from first one).
101	P	If you are a cs major student, you should definitely take his class. His lectures are super interesting and inspiring so that you won't be distracted by other things. Be prepared to work hard for midterms and final cuz it is not easy to predict what he would test you, but if you done your readings and pay attention to his lectures, you will be fine
102	P	As the negative comments have revealedif you are taking CS just because everyone is taking it, don't take Bloomberg. You have to be really engaged to be successful. But it doesn't shed from the fact that he is a fantastic professor capable to make the material interesting. He will let you to make up for your mistake if you work hard.
103	P	Thorough textbook reading is a MUST in order to do well on the exams. Homeworks are graded rather leniently, some will push you to the tutor center. Tests are not that bad, 30 multiple choice and 2 code writing exercises. Repeats mc questions sometimes. Not a bad class, Bloomberg makes you work for the grade.
104	P	Amos is overall very solid. Pros: grading is decently weighted on the hw (which is easy), and he will curve exams. Cons: exams are tricky - only 30 important multiple choice questions. Lectures are often slow. You need to take notes in lecture - obscure things he mentions are on tests. It's not difficult at all to get an A- with moderate effort.
105	N	Bloomberg's class is pure torture. He talks about random stuff and his ability to teach is close to zero. He is unable to keep students attention and listening to him is an experience from hell. Unfortunately, I couldn't say that I learned or understood a single thing in his lectures. He makes a dry subject feel like the Sahara. Stay away from him.
106	N	Mixed feelings about this class. Lectures are boring but you have to pay attention because the exams are really tough. A big portion of your grade will be homework, which is relatively easy, but the exams are seriously tough. Readings not necessary for class but I would suggest studying them for midterm and final.
107	N	Made me decide to no longer be a computer science major. His practice tests do not prepare you for the exam. I would recommend taking a different professor if possible.
108	P	Amos is overall a very solid professor. Pros: grading is heavily weighted on the hw (which is very easy AND graded leniently), gives lots of extra credit, curves 1 letter grade. Cons: exams are tricky - multiple choice w/ MULTIPLE answers, lectures are often slow/boring. It's not difficult at all to get an A-/A with moderate effort.
109	P	Amos is a solid choice for intro to web design. The lectures can sometimes be a little dry, but he spices things up with sarcastic jokes. The projects are super easy to get 100 on. The tests are more difficult. Class average for the midterm was 70%. If you attend lectures on a regular basis, you can get at least a B with minimal effort.
110	P	The tests in this class can be a little tougher but overall the course is not hard. Amos is a good lecturer and teaches things quite well with good in class examples. His tests are weird because you have more than 1 answer and you have to circle all the correct answers to get the question right so beware. You will learn though so take him!
111	P	He is a great professor who has a good pace in class and gives easy exams.
112	P	A brilliant professor! He taught the content very well, had a good pace with material, very responsive with questions.
113	P	Excellent professor who is dedicated to pedagogy, and driven by a genuine joy of computer science. Although the coursework can be burdensome, he is an incredibly fair grader and will help students who show initiative. An A is totally achievable if you put in the work. Generous with extra credit, textbook is hugely helpful.
114	P	A very helpful and informative professor, although he didn't seem like it at first. Hard to reach him by email which gave the impression that he didn't want to talk to students, but it turns out he's actually rather helpful and approachable in person. Do the homework yourself and really understand the concepts because the exams are difficult.
115	P	His lectures are kind of dull, but they can be helpful if you pay attention. He loves taking questions, so that's good. Just go to him if you have questions. The tests seem hard at first, and then if you get the essentials of the python, the tests will become so much easier. He can be a nice choice, and CS is interesting.
116	N	Hes a solid choice. Very clear and thorough and available outside class. However, his exams are very long and often dont test the material in a way thats considered and effective. This leads students who lose focus after a while to do worse in his exams. If youre reading this Amos, and I bet u are, test concepts that dont require much writing.
117	P	Professor Bloomberg gives a very informative presentation of the course material and clear instructions. His handsome look and great personality make it very hard to skip even one lecture. It was also a great time chatting with him during office hours. Exams are reasonable and he replaces lower early exam scores with the later ones.
118	N	Avoid this professor at all costs!
119	P	Very caring and kind. You learn mostly by doing your homework. He's always willing to help and wants you to know the material. His tests are kind of weird.. Some of his exam questions are structured ambiguously and he doesn't give partial credit, making it fairly difficult to get 100.. overall good professor
120	N	Professor Tharoor takes forever to grade and provide feedback on your work. Not only that, it seems like she doesnt read emails and just says whatever is on her mind based on the way you look. Overall, she is not NYU level.
121	P	Soothing voice, sometimes wanna sleep in class. Lots of reading but can get away w/not doing all of it. Heavy class-discussions and abt 90% of what she mentions in lecture is exactly on the exam (no trick questions at all but oddly specific at times). Her papers allow for a lot of creativity and she's a decently easy grader (had her CF1 as well)
122	N	So terrible. I can not warn enough people against this professor. Please do not take her. She takes about a month to grade the smallest things, but then assigns hours worth of homework every night. We are supposed to get final grades 72 hours after the final, but here I am, almost two weeks after the final without a grade. So boring and so terrible
123	N	Absolute worst. Please do yourself a favor and DON'T take this professor. Been almost two weeks since the final and still haven't gotten a grade yet. Expects us to do extreme amounts of work, but then doesn't actually do any grading for the class. Minu makes me so angry and she is literally the worst teacher I've ever had.
124	N	Worst professor I've had so far at NYU. Lectures are extremely boring and there is always at least one person dozing off of already asleep during each class. She assigns multiple videos and readings every night and sends out massive emails that are too overwhelming to read. Took her over a month to grade a short paper. Would NOT take again.
125	N	Awful. She has preferences between students. Her classes are boring. Gives too many readings.
126	N	very hard to follow her and she expects a lot from you with reading. it's not a hard class, but its confusing and you can't follow her lectures so that makes it hard. there are so many amazing other teachers at nyu, there's no reason to take a mediocre teacher.
127	N	She's a nice lady, but her class drag on. Gives way too much homework- multiple half hour videos and chapters to read per night. It's overwhelming and boring. Focuses a lot on Architecture and art from the middle east
128	N	She gives way too much readings. She grades pretty easy but the lectures were just so boring. She's you're average college professor. Put in no effort, easy B+. Put in some effort, you'll get an A-. You gotta work really hard for an A though.
129	P	She is a very sweet lady and very passionate about what she teaches. Assigns a lot of readings before class however you don't really have to do it to understand what she teaches. Pretty easy grader if you take notes in class and include that in your essays. Overall pretty good, would definitely take her again!
130	P	Super sweet & super caring, but she assigns a lot of homework and reading in preparation for class. She's very passionate and makes lectures interesting though!
131	N	Mrs Tharoor doesn't make an entertaining class. The papers aren't given back with good feedback and she grades them very specifically. She doesn't lay out what exactly she wants with papers or the final. I took her and I'm not going to do it again.
132	N	When I say she's a tough grader, I mean that she's subjectively tough. Style in your papers is punished - e.g., if you reference an aphorism/adage or make anything close to resembling an assertive argument, you'll be penalized. Treat the essays as an AP Literature prompt, and you'll probably be pretty well off. Don't take risks with writing.
133	P	Such a great teacher, the reviews dont do her justice. She is very passionate, enthusiastic, knowledgeable, and kind. She's constantly asking if the workload is manageable. Participation is necessary, seeing as her class is discussion based, but it doesnt feel overwhelming. So far 1 essay (3 pages long), 1 exam (super easy), and 1 final essay.
134	P	Great class! If you don't like to participate then her classes aren't for you. Very helpful with giving feedback on essay drafts. Exams are straightforward and easy enough if you study. She's so nice and makes the subject so enjoyable to learn. Not a class you can coast though. Put in the work and you'll be fine.
135	P	I really loved having Professor Tharoor. The whole class if pretty easy if you are interested in the topic and do the readings for homework. She loves opinions and discussions and never tells anyone they are wrong. The papers are easy to write, but she gives a lot of feedback and is a tough grader. Use her comments to guide the next paper!
136	P	Super passionate about the material, and inspires you to appreciate the texts and art. Not a lot of work, primarily a mid-term, final, and a paper. She'll call on you to participate because she genuinely wants to talk about the text. Great feedback on papers and very smart woman. Take her! Look her up, she has huge connections in India.
137	N	The exams are unnecessarily specific. If you don't ingest caffeine, you will not stay awake in this class. I seriously hate all GLS classes, specifically cultural foundations.
138	P	I still see her in my dreams.
139	N	Nice person but her grading is very harsh.
140	N	This class was unnecessarily hard because of him. It was basically American Government 101 but because he rushed through 1000 concepts it made it difficult. Midterm wasn't that bad, Final was hard because he asked unnecessarily specific questions when he didn't go that in-depth to the concepts. Made me rethink my politics major. Avoid at all costs.
141	N	Some classes were very interesting. Overall good choice out of the fore core politics reqs.. Would take after International Politics because game theory is tested on but he doesn't spend much time teaching it (assuming most of us have taken a class on it). Readings are interesting and manageable, not really necessary to do the textbook ones.
142	P	Gordon is a decent professor. Lectures range between extremely interesting to mediocre. Midterm was 25% game theory despite never teaching it, I got lucky because my friends had taken game theory before and taught me. Random 2 question quizzes are given almost every other class. Midterm was easy (other than the game theory). Quirky guy.
143	N	SG tells you to study your notes from the lectures for the exam, meanwhile, the midterm is based solely on the supplemental readings and game theory. He flys through the one class on GT yet it's worth 25% on your exam.. WTF dude! Would not advise missing lecture because there are random pop quizzes, which are difficult, and are 10% of your grade
144	N	Gordon taught my lecture for Power and Politics in America. Not an easy class but it was fairly interesting. Full of game theory so beware!! Gives pop quizzes occasionally but they're multiple choice. You def have to pay attention and write down what he says, not what's on the board. Does not allow pics of slides or laptops. Not great to meet with.
145	N	Tries too hard to be funny. Organized lectures but the content can get pretty confusing and muddled; course is heavy on game theory. Hope for a good TA. Helpfulness wise, review sessions are hit-or-miss depending on the people who ask questions and the TAs
146	P	lectures somewhat interesting, exams are tough but grading is fair if you want to get an A, go to the lectures, takes good notes, and read all of the blackboard& Kollman reader assignments (dont bother with LGSA unless youre confused) you learn alot, very thorough class, if you pay attention &try you will easily get an A and find it very useful
147	P	Though the exams are somewhat tough, if you do the readings and study the outline that he gives you before the exams you will do well. The class is exteremly interesting and you will really learn the ins and outs of American politics.
148	N	He is a mess. Granted, his lectures are often entertaining; however, what he presents in class does not reflect the exams. The examples he uses in class are straighforward. The questions on the exam are not. He expects you to think quickly on your feet--a quality that not many undergrads posess. Please avoid at all costs.
149	P	Clear and fascinating lectures, a reasonable amount of reading which is largely interesting, tests and papers that are challenging but doable
150	N	He reminded me of Stephen Colbert. His lectures always seemed very straightforward and so did the textbook (but the blackboard readings were hell). However, the exams had challenging multiple choice and I had no idea where the questions came from. The answers were like: none of the above, a & b, b & c... very frustrating! Easy grading on paper.
151	N	His class was not that bad, just pay attention to the lectures. He was nice enough to post an outline of every lecture at the end of the semester and with explanations of the game theory. He did make the lectures fun and interesting and the TAs were pretty easy on grading and gave you all the answers if you asked them for help later.
152	N	This has to be the worst politics class I have taken. The exams were difficult: he gave you straightforward information in class and then expected you to have an epihany on the test when he threw in game theory that you have never seen in your life. The multiple choice was tricky and looked like: a, b, c, a&b, b&c, a,b&c, all of the above. Come on!
153	N	Exams were tough. Each exam was 30-40% multiple choice, the point of which seemed to be to trick you rather than to test comprehension. The game theory was equally difficult, as there was always an additional element to the models that had not been reviewed in class that we were supposed to reason out during the exam. He's also fairly arrogant.
154	N	This class was a mess. The tests came out of no where. There is no reason why multiple choice should be difficult. The game theory on the exam is completely different from what he shows you in class. The exams will make you want to crap yourself. He does not communicate with the TAs because they had no idea what the exams were going to be like.
155	N	Excellent, clear and often witty lectures. Grade based entirely on exams, which are not to difficult if you go to lecture and read for the course.
156	N	Professor Gordon always starts class with something to get our attention...he's pretty square with glasses and sportcoats, but then he's like "Yo. Wassup". He keeps the class exciting--the powerpoints are dry but he makes them interesting, and he challenges you by including exam questions from the slides. He's cool.
157	P	One of the "cool" teachers who makes class enjoyable. Just study his lectures and you'll be fine.
158	P	He is the best professor I've had! Amazing! His lectures are great, perfect balance b/w textbook, outside reading, info on slides and him talking, perfect! Very straightforward exams, attendance not mandatory, but if you go to lectures you'll do a lot better on the exams, and he makes it interesting so you want to go... Take his class!!!
159	P	Great professor! Always well spoken and has a great sense of humor. Definitely take his classes.
160	N	If you take this class for core, be ready to study very minute and irrelevant information. He emphasizes concepts and understanding theories, yet wants you to memorize a very specific details. One of the questions asked "if you like fish, you may enjoy this transitional creature" (it was the Tiktaalik). Not an easy A, expect to study hard.
161	N	I never really write reviews but I feel like I have to write something for this. If you're considering taking this class, be prepared to jot notes about every single detail he says in class because the midterms and final are based 100% off trivial facts that are mentioned. I.e. name the species that we talked about. No concepts. Memorization based.
162	P	I loved Professor Volk. He's a sweet hippie who really loves what he teaches. Exams were difficult because it was a lot of memorization, but I still enjoyed the class and his enthusiasm.
163	P	Just make sure you read the material and ask questions where you're confused. There is an emphasis on knowing facts, so if you don't understand the material this could be the hardest part of the class.
164	P	I has Volk for State and Fate of the Earth for Jterm in Sydney, and I LOVED his class so much! It was extremely interesting, and he's such a cool guy. The only text book we used was his and it's very interestingly written (kind of reads like a story book). He allows so much freedom for your final project, too. TAKE THIS CLASS!
165	N	DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. lectures are boring and he writes a few random words on a paper that is projected to the class. Both midterms and finals are on that and it MAKES NO SENSE. makes the exams unnecessarily hard with confusing questions and then doesn't curve the class. don't buy the textbooks its useless. hated this class, ruined my gpa.
166	P	Professor Volk is an excellent professor. He's very passionate about what he teaches so that makes his lectures interesting (especially during organism moments). That said, his lectures are sometimes slow but if you go to lecture and go over your notes before the exam, it's easy to get an A.
167	N	Do not take this class. His lectures are incoherent and he sprawls random words down on the projector, then bases the exams entirely on them. It's about memorizing, not learning. Labs are boring. Do not recommend.
168	N	Definitely recommend this class for easy A. You have to go to every lecture though because the tests are based on lecture notes. Before an exam carefully read notes, handouts, and previous exams, skim the book and you're all set. You don't have to memorize stuff in the book unless he covered it. Labs are extremely boring and easy.
169	N	Awful. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!! Test are insanely detailed! Lectures are boring minus those few beautiful minutes known as the organism moments. Labs aren't that bad but his tests are enough to convince me that his class is just not worth taking. Oh and one more thing you need 3 different textbooks for this class. Not cool. Do not take this class!!
170	N	The course placed much more emphasis on rogue memorization of details rather than actual understanding of the material -- I disapprove.
171	N	I hate to contradict the consensus opinion on here, but I've regretted taking a class with Volk for an entire semester. Volk evaluates details, not lessons as the MAP program is designed to test. Class is highly unstructured, boring, and his use of illegible slides is frustrating and unacceptable. Nice guy, terribly designed class.
172	N	Class somewhat interesting, although that's just being nice. Tests pretty hard. If you do moderately well on exams (re-read his notes extremely carefully & text book.. i believe i remember he pulled random information from there too), and do very well in the lab (not too hard), you'll be fine. Yet again, easier said than done. Nice professor, btw.
173	P	Tyler's a very approachable professor, but yes, there are a LOT of details, especially concerning CO2 (what else would you expect from someone so passionate about the environment?). His exams are indeed quite baffling...hard to tell whether you did well or not. His assignments are interesting (not like homework). Overall, he's a fair grader.
174	N	Lectures came mostly from the books, but it was more enjoyable to go to class. We showed organism moment" videos about random, intereing animals. Tests from previous years were available online and provided a good idea of what to study. The labs were boring and very high-school like but incredibly easy. Also, he is very likable and good-looking!
175	P	Dorky and lovable. Keeps class interesting. You have to go to lecture though, because his exams are surprisingly difficult and he fills them with random details he only mentioned in passing during class, so pay attention and take good notes. Pretty good Nat Sci II course.
176	P	Professor Volk is an amazing teacher who keeps his class extremely interested in the cirruculum. He cares deeply about what he's teaching, and it shows. The tests are extremely easy (questions such as "what is the name of our textbook?") and he always posts a test from the previous year to study from online a week before the test. Amazing teacher!!
177	N	this class is extremely boring and impossible. tons of details covered and you must remember EVERY single detail if you want to get a good grade. nearly impossible, especially since the subject matter is so boring and irrelevant and Volk FAILS to make any of it interesting despite his personal fascination with it all. do not take this class.
178	N	This class is a huge joke. Volk is a good guy and makes the horribly boring material semi-interesting. However, come test time, he mkaes the tests very difficult. Expects you to be a genius. If you dont do the readings, you are screwed.
179	P	I took Environmental Systems Science with him. He explained the material well in class but as long as you did the reading from the textbook the tests were very easy -- especially if you are familiar with physics or chemistry. You don't have to go to class usually -- all the material is in the book.
180	P	I took her for CF1 and CF2. So caring, she wants her students to do well. Participate in class! She will love you and your class if you just show you are putting in the effort. Go to her office hours and she will guide you in the right direction for written assignments. Love her, love her class, can't say enough great things about her!
181	N	Professor Newman cares. It is very evident that she wants her students to do well and she genuinely enjoys being around her students. To do well in class, participate. Meet with her about papers. Spark up conversations with her and you'll do well. However, I was incredibly bored in this class. I hated going to class. Pick a different professor.
182	N	she is fine but sorta boring (+rambles) and sometimes a hard marker
183	P	At the beginning of the semester, I thought that I had made a mistake by taking Prof Newman; but it turned out to be just the opposite. She is really funny and although she can come off as being a hard-ass she is kind and appreciates people who do the reading and participate in class.
184	P	Generally in both CF and SF all you have to do is read and you're usually good. Newman is a great teacher, really cares, lectures are fun and if you're confused about something you can ask her. Not that hard to follow her in class, it can be entertaining but sometimes boring but overall GREAT TEACHER.
185	P	Roberta is an amazing lady! She's such an intelligent human being and extremely passionate when she's teaching her students. You'll definitely leave her class feeling like you've learned so much. You must go to her class. She loves students who participate and question the material they're reading. Do the readings and put effort into your papers!
186	N	This was the only bad teacher I had at NYU. Sure Newman knows a lot about baseball but grading papers arbitrarily based on whether or not you like someone on a personal level is juvenile. Also, she loves making off-color quips nonstop. She gave me a C- on the final paper and called it a disaster. I had another professor grade it and he said A-...
187	P	She is the best. Participate, do the reading, engage in her class and you'll be good.
188	P	Prof Newman is simply the best. 2 papers, 1 final project. Readingmovie watching for every class. Incorporates a lot of film, not "too much work." She genuinely cares about her students and about the material. Very inspirational. Grades based on effort and allows you to have your own opinion. Reads drafts and gives very helpful feedback. LOVE!
189	N	Class lectures are frustratingly random, but tries to keep the class interesting. Very helpful if you go in for office hours and takes an interest in her students. Grade based on essays (no assignmentsexams), will have readings for each class but they're not too rough
190	P	Really enthusiastic professor who genuinely cares about your learning. She gives out drafts and if you are really struggling she will do her best to try to help. She is a really eccentric character which makes the class more fun!
191	P	Enthusiastic, knowledgeable and hilarious prof. Not difficult at all and fairest grader ever. Prof. Newman is an awesome must have professor. She's crazy in an amazing way. She's always willing to help you too. Send her drafts and you'll get A's on your papers because she'll tell you how to improve your writing. Be yourself and enjoy the class!
192	N	Fun class. DIFFICULT grader.
193	P	Although she is a tough (but fair) paper grader, Prof. Newman gives chances to bring grades up through rewrites. She also does students a favor by putting such a heavy emphasis on class participation, which can bring up your grade quite a bit. As long as you READ and PARTICIPATE, you will definitely like this class.
194	P	Although she is a tough grader on papers, Prof. Newman gives plenty of chances to bring those grades up through rewrites. She also helps you out by giving class participation a heavy influence on your grade, so DO THE READING and most importantly TALK and you will like this class.
195	P	Anyone who complains about Newman is obviously stuck in high school. She is the epitome of an amazing college professor. Yes, she's a tough grader sometimes but she gets you to grow up and realize that tests aren't matching or multiple choice and essays actually have to make sense. Funny and sweet. Go to her for extra help! Very brilliant.
196	N	tough grader when it comes to papers. participation counts!
197	P	So I had her for GSP Social Foundations and while I liked her I hated the class and felt her grading was difficult. I also had her for a topics course and as a topics teacher she is amazing though. Participation= way better grade! Very smart woman and really interesting. Projects were fun and best of all there were no tests.
198	N	Avoid this professor at all costs! She is dreadful and completely full of her 'brooklyn' self. Ridiculously hard grader who will allot A's and C's not on the content and quality of essays but whether or not you are one of her favorites! Take any other topics class, this is by far the worst professor in the GSP staff and the worst I've had at NYU!!
199	N	She was unorganized. She changed the syllabus many times throughout the semester. Her grading doesn't make sense. When you do the exact opposite of what she says, she'll give you an A.
200	P	Phelps is a great choice for Psych 101. Her lectures are very entertaining and engaging. Reading the book definitely helps, but taking good notes in her lectures and giving minimal attention in recitations got me a solid grade. She's pretty clear on what will be on the test and her lectures are online for easy studying
201	P	Phelps was such a great professor for being in a class with 180+ students. She was clear with explaining and giving good examples and she let you know what to study for the tests and final which was a big help. TAs always held 2 study sessions before tests too - big help! Options for EC added to grade if you do just 4 extra hours of research study
202	P	Dr. Phelps is an awesome professor for Intro to psych. This course covers so much information and she comes at it in a really organized way. She posts all the slides, and shows a lot of video clips. Sometimes she just reads off the slides but overall, her lectures and interesting and engaging. The tests cover a lot but are fair.
203	P	Interesting lectures, clearly passionate about her work. Very important to go to lectures, as videos from class are often questions on tests. Textbook helps as well.
204	P	amazing lectures, respected, really knows the material. she can be a bit intimidating at first because of how respected / accomplished she is, but her personality is very chill and she is always open to answering questions. however, grading sucks (3 exams, 1 final, 1 paper).
205	P	Great professor, really interesting. I didn't notice until I actually read the textbook (which you really should do) but she's cited/mentioned in the textbook numerous times. Just goes to show that she knows her stuff, if you didn't already figure that out from her great lectures.
206	P	Easy class if you go to lecture and read the book. She's passionate about the subject and is very clear what she's looking for in the exams. She basically tells you what to study. No reason to not get an A if you actually put in the work.
207	P	This was one of the easiest classes I have taken. Yeah, it's gonna be tough if you don't read the textbook and go to lecture, but if you do those things and keep up with the reading, it's really easy to get an A. Not a ridiculous amount of reading either. She makes the class really interesting and is clear about what she's looking for in her tests.
208	P	She makes lectures interesting, but the tests are difficult.
209	P	Prof. Phelps is knowledgeable and the nicest person you'll ever meet. However, the grading for the class sucks (based only 3/4 exams and a paper). TAs are horrible with the exception of Liz, they're awful at grading exams. Thankfully, recitation isn't mandatory. Can easily get an A even if you skip class, but make sure you memorize the textbook.
210	P	Test graders are really randomly specific and nitpicky, so know the exact textbook definitions of things. Phelps is great though. Go to lecture because the anecdotes really help you remember the material.
211	P	Absolutely brilliant professor! Explains things very clearly and tells funny stories that break up the material and help you remember it, as well. Tests are tough so don't skip lecture. Overall, a great class and the reason I am now a psych major.
212	P	Great class. Take Phelps for intro to psych. She's the bomb. The lecture notes are good enough and the lectures are clear so that you can understand easily. Sometimes graders are stupid, but if you try you can get an A.
213	N	thinks u r dumb, and treats u like u don't want to learn, and treats the material like it's boring
214	P	I highly recommend this class. Professor Phelps is knowledgeable and passionate about psych. Information is conveyed clearly during lectures. She's not always available for office hours because the class is so large, but TAs help with specific questions
215	P	She's great! Incredibly intelligent woman. Really quirky and relatable. Makes the information interesting and tells hilarious anecdotes. Tests are really manageable if you attend lecture, not really necessary to read the book. I'd definitely recommend her to anyone interested in psychology.
216	P	Excellent prof, is close in lecture to book material, if you attend lecture and read the book, it's very possible to get an a.
217	P	Although I disagree with the people below, I find that Phelps was a great professor nonetheless. Her exams were manageable but the test graders were absolutely ruthless making it hard to get a solid A. I did pull off a B+ by attending all her lectures and reading the textbook. I really enjoyed the class and Phelps is purely amazing! :)
218	P	She's an awesome teacher, really knows her stuff and is able to communicate it to the class very well. Personally I dedicated the most time to this class, especially with reading the book, but it was worth it. As long as you read the chapters and review her slides getting an A is not hard.
219	N	Liz herself is great and gives really interesting lectures. Beware those of you looking to use this for an easy A Gen Ed. Test graders can be ruthless. I'm not a psych major (I'm in arts) and I found the tests didn't test whether I actually knew the material, but if I memorized it in the book's terms.
220	N	Yoav seemed very unprepared during class. He had an attitude whenever students asked questions (because he skips too many key points about using the tools)
221	P	The course structure is open ended. A lot of creative space is given to explore new ideas for group projects. Tools taught are widely used in the industry and through this course you get a good idea of real world/practical software engineering.
222	P	I really love this course and this professor! Pro: 1) I learnt a lot of open technologies and AngularJS framework; 2) Yoav is always there to help and keeps guiding you to polish your game; 3) one more great project on resume Con: 1) You should expect extra time to finish homework especially when you are still not familiar with the framework;
223	N	Yoav stubbornly refused helping me and other students when we had problems. He refused to acknowledge he was making us use tools that did not work as he described. He never tried doing the assignments himself to make sure they were possible. He deserves 0s.
224	N	Personally, I feel that Yoav expects too much from us. We have to learn and use something new pretty much every week in the project. That wouldn't be a problem, except his explanations in class usually don't suffice and you end up being confused when you try to do it yourself. All in all, you do learn A LOT if you don't slack in the class though
225	N	i would not recommend taking this class if you are using a laptop. all the weird plugins and tools needed slow your computer to a crawl every time you need to debug. the gwt eclipse tool is buggy and had to spend most of my week trying to fix it. it left no time to actually do the assignments.
226	N	How many talks were on GWT at Google IO 2013,2014? 0. Thanks for teaching outdated tools which google themselves are abandoning.
227	P	This is a course needing extra time. But this is a a very good thing for me. If you study hard, you really will learn A LOT. Prof Zibin is very responsible for answering students' questions on mailing list, which are much more than on other course's mailing list.
228	N	Made an OK game during class. Really basic, but better than most other students. Unfortunately, no game companies cared since it relied only on google services. I should have looked at their job listings and taught myself tools the industry actually uses instead of googles rusty framework.
229	N	Lookup googlegroup nyu-gaming-course-2013, it was the class mailing list. It will give you a real account of the class. There was a total of 815 emails sent to the list, not including the svn messages. 815 emails~58 a week! I got a 0 grade homework because Yoav assigned it after class in an email and it needed to be checked in before the next class
230	N	Class was surprisingly dry considering the subject. It seemed like Yoav didnt take it seriously and the students suffered. He was frequently unprepared for class and often stopped halfway through because he ran out of material or lost internet and couldnt google what he was suppose to know.
231	N	Yoav Zibin knew the basics of the weird tools were required to use, but could not solve many of the problems students faced with their projects. it took a lot of effort to get past all the negative feelings for game programming I developed from this class and finally start enjoying it again. as they say, it gets better.
232	N	Most of the class is setting up obscure google tools: GWT, MGWT, GWT-Phonegap, GWT-Internationalization, GWT-Mockito, GWT-Facebook, Google App Engine, and GAE-Channel, GAE-Datastore. The remaining 3 lectures GIT, Unit Testing, and Game Ranking are somewhat useful and are actually used in the industry.
233	P	project-oriented, a lot of popular technologies AngularJS, GAE, REST API, OAuth, Phonegap(small part of them), involved. Group project using git. Only Java is prerequisite. A really helpful course.
234	N	Professor did not give clear guidance on how to do the homework. It was very difficult finding any resources on the subject since the tools he taught are not popular in the industry. Id recommend students to look at gaming startups in the city and teach themselves the tools they are using. Skip this class if you can.
235	N	Please be advised Yoav assigned extra homework on the mailing list. A lot of the class missed the email and were harshly penalized using his grading policy. Also note the class website and syllabus are not written in stone. Expect them to change for the worst like the did for my semester.
236	N	I wish the professor was more approachable but he ran out after every class. Every time I emailed him a question he just repeated the question back without answering it. In general I got the impression he only knows the tools on the surface and did not actually know how things worked under the hood.
237	P	Professor was extremely approachable and quick to respond both online and offline. I enjoyed the group project portion of the course, which is very much like a professional situation. Although the curriculum is centered around gaming, I learned a lot about server side processing, persistence, security and other things that apply to any web app.
238	P	This course is interesting and need some independent study.This is a course which is very close to real life work. I got a high paying job in a company developing browser games because of this project experience.
239	N	beware you only have the first 2 classes, obviously the easiest classes, to decide if your going to stay in class or drop it with a refund. make sure you are aware the deadlines. I waited too long to drop out and wish, wish i hadnt. it just kept spiralling worst and worst as the semester progressed.
240	N	I really wanted to like this class, but the expectations were unclear from the first lecture. The walks varied by which TA or professor was giving them, it was so hard to know what to study. This could be a great class if the logistics and expectations were made more apparent. I'm not a humanities major, and some people had the time of their lives
241	P	Took the architecture core class and absolutely loved it. It's a dense once a week class but very interesting and changed the way I look at NYC. She says it a million times but you really do need to go to class and take notes. There are a few papers (easy A's) and a midterm and a final.
242	P	Mosette is a great professor. She is so knowledgable and her class is very open to participation. She does not give homework and lectures are very important. Class is very engaging since she is lively and the lectures are very applicable outside of class. She also tries to make assignments as easy as possible and wants all students to get an A.
243	P	It'll be hard to get an A if you don't attend lectures. She literally talks for 75 minutes straight, and doesn't like laptops so get ready to take notes by hand. Assigns articles to read, which will be the focus of the midterm. Pay attention to little facts that seems unimportant (they are).
244	P	Topics discussed in class might be a little challenging if you are unfamiliar with NYC or its history of urban development, but as long as you put effort into researching and go through all the announcement articles, the class would be extremely rewarding.
245	P	Professor Broderick's lectures are as entertaining as hollywood movies. She is also very sympathetic, approachable, and reasonable. My one complaint is that she is very euro-centric - it would have been cool to learn about cities in Africa, Asia, and the Middle East but we barely discussed them - only talked about Europe and America.
246	N	Really into all her lectures! Wealth of knowledge and funny. Tests and papers are hard as there is not much guidance unless you ask for it. Not the easiest grader, but definitely wants the best for all her students. loved this class.
247	P	I took her for Arch of NY. She was such a fabulous professor, with so much knowledge in her field. The exams require a fair bit of effort. But she was so clear, and pleasant, and the TAs were equally helpful. This class made me value a liberal arts education.
248	P	Professor Broderick was my favorite professor while at NYU. It's true that the course is a lot of memorization and it's not an easy A, but her stories were fascinating and it was so much fun to learn more while exploring the city. Take this class if you want a great experience, and definitely walk around in Professor Broderick's group.
249	P	I absolutely love this professor. She knows her topics inside and out and loves when students have an issue that they want to talk about. Expects a lot but is willing to give second chances and extra help. Will get off topic but I learned just as much from her tangents. Really funny wit and lecturing style. Can't say enough good things about her!!!
250	P	I could not have ever hoped for a more helpful or kind professor. Deeply cares for her students and somehow seems to know everyone personally. She is a very engaging lecturer and knows everything about her subject. Not terribly difficult if you are in class regularly. LOVE THIS WOMAN.
251	N	the professor broderick and her t.a.'s are great, but architecture of NY: a field study is ridiculous. It's pure memorization of 60 buildings per exam only to be tested on 8. Don't take it as an easy A MAP course
252	P	Prof Broderick is one of the most fascinating intellectuals I have ever had the privilege of learning from. She can get side-tracked easily so it takes some getting used to. Yes she expects a lot from her students but wants nothing more than for them to succeed and will try to accommodate them as much as she can
253	P	Professor Broderick is the rare intellectual who remains down-to-earth and personable. You will not regret taking her class - I promise!
254	P	WONDERFUL teacher. The sweetest and most caring professor I have ever had. She takes the time to make you understand and will work with you one-on-one until you do. Respectful, understanding, hard-working, and caring. She has even helped with job searching. I will try to take her Field Study course next semester. Hands down best professor at NYU
255	N	Genuinely nice and interested in how students are doing. Very passionate and knowledgeable. I'm a politics student and even I didn't dread this weekly Friday afternoon MAP class. TAs are very approachable and competent. Best of all--they grade exams and papers in a timely fashion. Exams take getting used to. But consider improvement for final grade
256	N	Most unreasonable professor I have EVER had. First day of class, asked to take the midterm early bc of a conflict. She said sure, then when the time came, tried to refuse to let me take it at all. Had to take it to dean; she let me take it with the final. Then "lost" my final paper, blamed it on me, and tried to fail me. Delusional and a liar.
257	P	She is a great professor, BUT sometimes she rambles on and on and it is very hard to keep up with what she is talking about. Also, the entire class grade is based on one essay, the mid-term, and the final, so if you screw up one of those you're screwed.
258	P	EXTREMELY helpful to the students. She can drag on and on about a topic sometimes, but she has a point even in that blabbering. I had absoluetly no interest in this topic until I took her class, and her passion and the willingness to help her students out led me to major in Urban Design. DEF take her class! One of the better profs at NYU!
259	P	Awesome professor! Obviously passionate about the topic, and very open to hearing student concerns, questions, and ideas. Very helpful and loves creative thinking. You HAVE to pay attention and work in her class, but it's worth it. You won't be bored.
260	N	Professor Roth is one of the worst professors I have ever had. She assigned two quizzes, three papers, and a final exam for the semester and only ever got around to grading two quizzes and nothing else. She is lecture-heavy and tests on information that isn't discussed clearly. There is also a ton of reading. Don't take the class unless you have to
261	N	LECTURES VERY HEAVILY. But I'm a heavy lecture person so that's fine for me. Spends a lot of time to grade hw. I got my essay I turned in mid October in early Feb. Knowledgeable but a bit disorganized. Eager to help and approachable in person, but not email. Tests aren't hard but so many details to remember (my final study guide was 44 pgs)
262	N	Low commitment class that will have you write 4 papers and take two exams. For a core class, that isn't bad. The lectures are unstructured, but taking good notes is possible as long as you sit in the front so you can catch what she says. Posts study guides for exams but doesn't post powerpoints. Attendance sheet passed around see who is there.
263	N	Insane lecture style. Waffles all over the place and mixes stuff on the exam with personal asides. Not really textbook based and no handout notes. Does not publish the overheads. If you invest the time you can pass this but I would not take this again.
264	N	Took Cultures and Contexts. Knowledgeable on the subject, doesn't necessarily translate to her being an good or even adequate professor. Goes off on tangents/shows up late, not to mention that she takes an extreme amount of time to grade work. inconsistent grading. Got my course grade a month and a half after the semester ended. DO NOT TAKE
265	N	Professor Roth is overly interested in the subject and is unclear as to what information is relevant and what is just her going off on tangents. Incredibly boring and lots of work.
266	P	I don't understand how she has such low ratings! I have to agree with some of the critiques about her lecture style - she's so enthusiastic about Egypt that, at times, she doesn't realize (or perhaps just doesn't care) when she's dragging on and on and on... However, she's extremely helpful and understanding, and I know that by experience.
267	N	Loves Egypt, but too much. Would rather hear her own voice than teach. Doesn't learn students names. Values her social life over class. Shows up late often. Takes months to grade papers that shouldn't take more than a week, two at most. Constantly changes due dates. Unorganized. Can't remember what she has/hasn't gone over. Got tenure & gave up.
268	N	She gave interesting lectures (at 8am so it was hard to stay awake). Midterm and final were pretty straight forward. 4 papers to write, all straight forward. Grades fairly
269	N	I didn't know that Art History could be boring, until I had this professor. Completely unhelpful. Unclear. Late on returning emails, assignments, posting reviews. She may just need some more teacher training...
270	N	Roth is an organizational mess and always late. Essay grading is skewed; they have a strange system where your essays aren't graded by one person, but shuffled between Roth and the TAs. Essays were graded anally. Midterm easy. Attendance graded. Lectures unclear. Overall, not an easy or fun class. Take another Cultures and Contexts.
271	N	By far the WORST class I have ever taken. When grading essays, the professor and two instructors have completely different and subjective approaches leading to an incorrectly skewed grading curve of the class. Recitations were enjoyable but did not relate to lectures. Lectures were unorganized and incomprehensible. I HIGHLY regret taking this class
272	N	She was such a terrible and unorganized professor. It was really difficult to study for the final because the textbooks don't help. The lectures are disconnected, and the class fails to have an overarching theme. It just seems like a bunch of facts to learn. The TAs were somewhat nice but even they were pretty harsh in grading the essays.
273	N	This was the worst class I have ever taken. I signed up for it thinking that learning about ancient Egypt would be fascinating, but her dry lectures put me to sleep and studying was impossible as she NEVER teaches from the textbooks. I'd recommend this class if your life revolves around the Egyptian culture, much like hers does.
274	N	I had her for Culture & Contexts: Egypt. The course was sort of interesting but really have to take good notes since she doesn't put up powerpoints. Points deducted for non-attendance so show up. Clear grading policy on how to get an A; just pay attention and do well on the final/midterm/2 essays
275	P	She is a wonderful teacher. Her lecture are sometimes confusing but if you are confused a visit to her office hours are very helpful. She has a wealth of information to share especially if you ask specific questions. Also, she is active on dig sites in Egypt giving her personal experience with the material she is teaching.
276	N	Easiest class I ever took, don't need to read, just pay attention to what she says in class. The stuff that's on the test is stuff she says over and over again. Tests were exactly like the study guides.
277	N	She's insane. And rude. The TA's are wonderful, though.
278	N	Lectures aren't bad as people say and the material is interesting but she refuses to post the power points. Tends to go over important ideas quickly while babbling about unimportant ones so you have to be attentive in class. Not easy A MAP course & lots of memorization required. Grade depends largely on your TA. A = good papers & knowledge of terms
279	N	unbelievably bad. massive amounts of reading which have often seem to be simply punishment (as they have no connection to tests and are far too long to actually be done). I feel rather sad that she is this obsessed with ancient egypt. just when i thought i knew the definition of boring there ol' macy roth goes beatin out my expectations!
280	N	honestly molly was... not the best, the class discussion was really common sense stuff and I didn't feel like I even learned much. She graded the papers super hard and she's very writing intensive.
281	P	Molly is a great choice if you want to learn enough, but you're looking for an Easy A! If you just go to class, participate at least once a week/day, and actually read you'll do well on the ONE essay she requires and if you actually write what you've discussed in class, you'll get the A. Also, the midterm and final are quote ID - not difficult.
282	N	So much reading. Always make sure you have your texts with you in class or else she'll basically shame you in front of everyone. Class can be dry and hard to stay awake for. Final was easy.
283	P	Professor Martin was an amazing teacher for CF. She always came to class with enthusiasm, and while others thought it was fake, I can ensure you that her kind and caring attitude is genuine. She was great with extra help, and gave students every possibility to succeed (i.e rewrites). I learned a lot in her class, which was my goal.
284	P	She is an amazing professor. She does have an attitude that can seem fake but overall she is really nice and a really fair grader. There are 2 tests, an essay, and the final. The tests are text analysis but if you listen in class and do the reading you will pass. Go to her for essay help and participate in class and she will like you.
285	P	Molly was one of the nicest and most genuine professors I had all year. She took the students' opinions into account when coming up with her teaching plan. She was always ready to give guidance or help on a subject or topic. She definitely likes participation, and if you don't, she will kinda drag it out of you.
286	N	Her lectures are ok, but her grades are absolute nonsense. Seriously, I was so confused about my grades the whole semester. If you get nervous about participating, don't take her class. But she's funny and looks like Arizona from Greys Anatomy.
287	P	Yes, her "nicey nice" attitude can seem fake. Because it mostly is. But you should take her class. Participation matters but if you do participate, you will do super well on the tests. She reviews in depth for them and its obvious what will be on it. She lets you resubmit the essay for a new grade. Suck up to her and participate and you'll get an A
288	P	Super sweet! If you participate in class she will love you! Really wanted to take her for CF 2, but she was unavailable. Only three easy tests.
289	P	Prof. Martin is a fun professor but expects participation. She is very open to students coming to office hours or emailing her with questions, so take advantage of that. Papers are pretty easy. Readings not the most interesting, but try to keep up with them because the entire final is comprise of passage analysis.
290	P	Molly is so great. Not only does she make class interesting but she also has a great sense of humor that makes the class relatable. Yes she's young but it makes her more understanding. She's a cool lady but be prepared to read and apply what you read specifically in your exams.
291	P	Great teacher, genuinely cares about students and their wellbeing. If you have the option absolutely take her.
292	N	She is easy in class. Her essays' topics and guidelines are too ambiguous and abstract. She is not very helpful when you meet with her. She has her favorites, so always bring your texts to class. Her materials are interesting if you are interested in literature.
293	N	I felt like I learned absolutely nothing and then I got a bad grade for it. Did pretty well on my essays and exams, but ended up with a poor grade. Thank you for wasting my tuition money and trying to make my life so much more difficult.
294	N	I don't know why I'm stupid enough to take her class again. Everything she says is complete nonsense. The grades are erratic. Her kindness is such a facade. She's so passive-aggressive. Worst experience in my life.
295	P	Molz is really helpful and the class itself is relatively easy if you dont bs the papers
296	N	Unintelligent, pretentious, harsh grader. Patronizing demeanor more suited to an elementary school rather than a college class. Actually, would have hated her then as well. The nice facade melts away as soon as you challenge her on anything. Fell asleep during another professor's presentation. Also, not that pretty up close.
297	P	Don't get me wrong, Professor Martin is a very nice person. BUT, if you don't agree with her she doesn't like you and thus makes you feel low. It's very obvious who her favorites are. She's very well-educated and knows a lot about the subjects she teaches but makes it obvious that she knows a lot more than you do.
298	P	Professor Martin is the sweetest woman who actually cares about what you think and how you do in and out of the classroom. She really is brilliant and approachable, and she is willing to help her students with any issue.
299	P	I had Molly for Cultural II and I loved her. The assignments were always fairly easy and the texts she chose were always interesting. I was devastated when I found out she wasn't teaching CFIII this spring. She's funny and highlights the importance of the texts you read so that even if I didn't like them, I could appreciate them.
300	N	Only take him if you have a ton of time to dedicate to this class.
301	N	my friend recommended him after taking him for WI. big mistakes listening to her. He did not help improve my writing at all. small assignments he did not grade nor give credit for; simply wasted my time because my writing pretty much stayed same . readings are ok but mostly jus used for discussion, not to better u
302	N	His grading was extremely subjective; made me write a paper three times b/c he wanted "more information abt my mom" despite me following every part of his guidelines/criteria. Did not rlly learn anything + writing did not improve taking his class. A lot of peer wrk + getting feedback from them when their writing was jus horrible no help whatsoever
303	P	Very therapeutic class. Participation matters, as in if you haven't done the reading and he randomly calls on you to comment, then you're screwed (but you aren't graded in this, so take that as you will - he'll probably just judge you). His feedback is great - my writing definitely got better after the class. 3-4 graded essays total? Great guy.
304	P	Professor Goldfin was an amazing writing professor. He was able to individually address each of our struggles with writing and help us evolve, while also encouraging us to help each other. By the end of the class, our group was so close and open with each other, and none of us were ready for it to end. Taking him again for writing 2 next semester.
305	P	His classes are very relaxing and therapeutic. There's a lot of go-around-the-circle, so as long as you do the homework, you'll be fine. He's really caring in general and likes to make time for his students. His essay topics are always very interesting; I had fun writing all of them. I highly recommend this class!!
306	N	Loved him! This class was really easy and we always had fun readings and essay topics. Only 4 essays the whole semester and reading responses were fun to write. I don't think my writing improved all that much, but his class was definitely my favorite from first semester. Goldfin is bae
307	N	Goldfin is such a great teacher. He is attentive to our individual styles of writing and is always available during his office hours. The class itself is so relaxing and easy going. Light readings almost every day, but they are very important to the essays he assigns. Love him!
308	P	Just take him. He is perfect no matter what.
309	P	SOOOOO sad that I'm not able to take Goldfin for Writing II (Literally, SO devastated). I'm a writer by nature, so his more creative approach to essays was very welcome. Tough grader and lots of reading, but the readings are interesting and he's a really chill guy. Honestly, it felt more like therapy than a class.
310	P	I loved this class. He's very creative and thinks a lot about writing. I really, really appreciated the feedback he gave my writing, and loved the reading selections. I feel my writing improved, yet the class was a breeze. I never cared much about writing in high school classes but this class totally changed my perspective.
311	P	Nice guy. You need to put some effort into what you write. If you enjoy creative writing, have basic writing skills, and listen closely to his unique assignments, you will find your writing pushed to places you didn't expect it to go (and for a writer, this is awesome). Be attentive, present, engaged. He is a fair grader in this criteria.
312	N	Professor Goldfin was a nice person and wasn't too difficult, but he seemed to decide what grade you'd get on the first day of class as everyone got almost the same grade on all the papers no matter how good or bad they were. Also, what he'd tell you in class wouldn't match up with the comments he'd leave on your paper.
313	P	Profesor Goldfin is wonderful. He has a genuine interest in the subject and he understands that Writing isn't everyone's thing. As long as you do the reading responses and put a reasonable amount of effort in you'll be fine. Take his class you won't regret it!
314	P	He is a great teacher and is very helpful. I can truly say I've learned a lot from him. The work is pretty easy, there are only 4 essays and weekly literature reflection papers -however the grade you receive is completely up in the air (I attended all the classes and did the work, however I got a B+ for the semester.)
315	N	Took him for writing I. He's very easy and the work load is manageable, but his grading is kind of out of the blue. But I feel like with all writing professors, you could be a great writer, but if they don't like your style, you won't get an A. I'd still recommend him though.
316	P	Professor Goldfin is truly a wonderful teacher. His class has an easy going pace and he always gives you a chance to rewrite if you don't like your grade. He taught me so much about the process of writing an essay and it was a pleasure to be in his class. I highly recommend him to anyone taking Writing 1.
317	P	I loved Professor Goldfin! The workload is nothing close to overwhelming -- there is a major piece of essay due every few weeks, and in between he assigns great essays to read, that relate to the piece of writing the class is working on. He allows you to revise, and will occasionally change your grade. Once you get used to him, it's a great class!
318	N	Before students pick him: READ THIS FIRST: it is a serious risk. he is unfair in his grading. some of my friends in his class are doing fine, if you get an A on the 1st paper you'll be fine for the rest of the class. BUT, everyone else is practically ordained a B. EVEN IF YOU GO SEE HIM FOR HELP ON YOUR ESSAY, THAT DOESN'T GUARANTEE YOULL DO WELL.
319	N	teacher is really nice but you dont really do anything in the class. Insanely boring and hes very anal about the smallest things like grammar on papers, but if you talk a lot in class he'll give you a good grade. I found him annoying but other kids liked him. I rather take Mary Roma.
320	N	If you are someone who enjoys writing, the class itself is pretty boring no matter which professor you have. Prof Jackson makes the best of it, as he is a very experienced writer and is fun to listen to. He engages the class well with current issues and is eager to hear different perspectives.
321	P	A bit unorganized, but easy A if you do all optional drafts and read your daily writings in class. 3 major essays and 2 article analysis.
322	P	I LEARNED SO MUCH IN THIS WRITING COURSE. NOT SURE WHY STUDENTS DID NOT LIKE HIM. GREAT PROFESSOR!
323	P	Great guy and a really good conversationalist but he is a very hard grader. He values our in class discussions so attendance is a must but the topics are very interesting so it wasn't a big deal. Be prepared to have to read a lot and try to space his work out over the semester because there is way too much for you to cram last minute
324	P	Easy A and really nice guy. Participation is important. Kind of boring class but I think that's mainly because my section was pretty quiet so the discussions were always pretty dead.
325	P	He's a brutal grader, and I mean that in the best way possible. His advice is incredibly valuable and he's always happy to give it. This is the first writing class I have ever struggled in, and I couldn't be more excited.
326	P	If you are looking to actually get better at writing Professor Jackson is your guy. Everyone on here complains that he is a tough grader but when you finally get that A it is the best. Subject matter is really interesting. Expect nightly readings. I have grown so much as a writer.
327	N	He gives great advice about writing in general, but doesn't read your stories that closely & can't keep track of your characters. He doesn't show up to class on time or apologize for not doing so; never has his notes or prompts cued up and takes forever to find them. If you like professors that are more like students, take him. Otherwise, don't.
328	P	Take Professor Jackson if you want to improve your writing skills. He is a fountain of knowledge regarding creative non fiction and can offer you valuable lessons if you make the effort. To Professor Jackson, an A is a perfect score and he wants to see improvement, so don't expect a high grade on your first drafts. He's a cool dude too.
329	N	Professor Jackson is a tough grader but you will learn how to write in his classes. Taking his classes will positively prepare you to write a great thesis paper come senior year. Come to his classes having done the assigned readings, do the in class writing assignments and the weekly paper and you will be fine.
330	N	Knows all about hip hop. His classes are interesting plus he is always willing to help you, just read the texts and you'll do fine. Really gave me some good writing advice
331	P	I see most people complaining about him not being an easy grader and making you work for it but what people do not know is that when Mitchell was giving good grades for good work he was accused by a student for being an easy grader and that's fact. I guess you can't win for losing on this one. I learned a lot from him and I am satisfied with my B+.
332	N	Easy B if you work for it. And you have to READ! Or else you wont pass. There are journal writings everyday and attendance counts. Assignments are due promptly. And papers can either make your grade or break it. The choice is yours as there are lots of resources available for you to pass. & presentation at last week.
333	N	RUN VERY FAR HARD TO PLEASE
334	N	Funny great guy, but difficult to please difficult to get and A. Run very far find another teacher if you want an A. He gives you a bad grade doesn't wanna talk about why and how to improve. Come man chill out.
335	N	Extremely hard to please, never seems satisfied with your essays nor re-writes. Not to mention never answers his emails. Although knows everyone in hip-hop, he never cares about his students. Always late -sometimes doesn't show up, so don't bother showing up early to impress him- nothing impresses him. Doesn't like dorks.
336	N	The worst writing professor ever! You start out your essay with a possible B-. Picks favorites. Harsh grader. Don't take him!
337	P	You would appreciate your improvement in writing so much more after you have taken this class! My writing improved so much, and he gives clear advice on ways to improve. He's pretty funny and interesting so it helps you stay engaged. Participate, and you would appreciate class more!
338	P	Cool man. Very helpful and funny. I enjoyed his class very much.
339	N	He is so cool and can really help you improve your writing
340	P	I learned a lot, and Sana is a great person, but lectures are really not so meaningful. She grades very leniently which makes the class pretty easy, but lectures can be super hard to follow sometimes. Had to teach myself a bunch of stuff. Overall, good class bc I didn't know anything beforehand and was not so hard but not a challenging course.
341	N	The myriad of spelling errors in the code, the assignments, and even in the exams themselves reflect extremely poorly on the instructor. A few typos are okay here and there, but the sheer lack of effort on all the material was appalling, and made it so that doing the homework and answering questions on the actual exam was extremely confusing.
342	P	Easiest class and easiest prof I have ever taken. When the midterm avg was 90, she gave a 5pt curve bc she felt we had to write too much (we didn't) so I got a 101 on the exam. I never went to class. Easiest A I have ever received in college
343	P	Class is pretty easy to do well in. I had no issues at all and was able to gather everything I needed for assignments and tests on her website so I barely went to class. Overall pretty easy and super nice professor.
344	P	Definite Easy A. HWs are really simple-- the examples she give in class satisfies the HW requirements, so you can build onto those. The exams are almost exactly like the practice exams. She gives extra credits for HWs and exams. Directions can be a bit unclear sometimes. Overall, take her for a GPA boost.
345	N	Sana was difficult to understand both in person and on her website for the class. Her grading criteria sometimes didn't make sense. I struggled with the homework and had to learn a lot through online tutorials. She did help me as I struggled with the semester and was very lenient with grading, but I didn't enjoy the class.
346	P	Not difficult enough. She is a pretty good teacher and is extremely nice but everything was a little too easy compared to other Python classes I've seen. I would do the HW in class as soon as it was assigned...
347	P	Sana is a great professor and all-around amazing person. She's extremely understanding to any issues, and always made lectures more like a discussion with friends rather than monotonous lecturing.
348	N	A very unclear professor. The material isn't hard but she makes it seem that way. She asked our class to close our computers...during a Computer Science course. I'd recommend against, better people teach this required course for Comp Sci majors.
349	N	Amazing person, but one of the most boring and not very clear professors that I had. You will most likely find yourself learning more from the textbook than from an actual class.
350	N	Assignments and exams are difficult but is heavily curved up. if your code has bugs, you only lose a few meager points unless it is absolutely terrible. Easy A. As for the teaching, it's decent
351	P	She was awesome! Always available through e-mail if not in person and grades very generously, even though she says she takes a lot of points off. If she is teaching a computer science class. Take it!
352	N	She's kind and zealous. However, she seldom manages to explain her assignment well, though she tried......
353	P	Professor is very knowledgeable and explains concepts very well. Professor Odeh is very helpful and accessible. Her exams and assignments are hard, but if you study and keep up with class work, you will be able to do wells. I highly recommend professor Odeh classes.
354	N	her style of teaching is too fast for me. otherwise i think her style is ok. she does use some newer techniques but keeps some old techniques as well especially the style of the code. textbook is useless and is not necessary. she has office hours but tend to be busy and prefers you to go to tutoring or ask your grader. tests are way too long!!!
355	P	easy A! the methods taught can be outdated due to continuous changes in Java development. tests can be long but are quite simple. if the question involves coding, it is usually very similar to the assignments. the game programming assignment is easier considering it is just group work. No presentations, easy short assignments, long but easy tests.
356	P	She is a nice prof and understandable. but a little bit outdated. And she makes her class always feel like teaching just several active student. But her tests are pretty easy. Easy A generally if you attend her classes and listen carefully.
357	N	Everything she teaches is pretty outdated. In a computers-based course it would make sense to keep up with current programs and tech, but she apparently doesn't realize that every app she exemplifies is 8 years and 4 versions too old to be of much use in the present
358	N	Everything she teaches is pretty outdated. In a computers-based course it would make sense to keep up with current programs and tech, but she apparently doesn't realize that every app she exemplifies is 8 years and 4 versions too old to be of much use in the present.
359	N	I saw such great ratings of sana here and took the course. Now I think a few of these might've been written by herself b/c she's not as nice, sort of condescending at office hours. and def picks favorites. she really loves this 1boy in our class. she taught us arrays like the last two days of class and expects us to know it for the final! crazyyyy
360	N	She is beyond strict with absences and late arrivals. Her class is mandatory so there is nothing much you can do about it.
361	N	Being boring, strict and arrogant: anyone can have two of them and still be a good professor. Being all three is a rare talent and Peggy just has it. Her attendance policy is beyond understandable and the class content is nearly useless. I can not judge her as a person but her classroom experience is definitely uncomfortable.
362	N	Peggy... oh Peggy. She's the only teacher for Performance Strategies so at least you will have a bonding experience with all your classmates. Her lectures are so boring. She's really easy tho so my suggestion is sit in the back so you can just go on your phone. The recitations are the only things that matter because she doesn't teach them.
363	N	VERY tough on attendance. However, if you just show up and do the work you'll pass. She's definetly a bit annoying as a teacher, but you can actually learn a lot from her class.
364	P	Tough on attendance, but a good prof who knows what she's talking about. Some people don't like her because she's a stickler for rules, but it's worth it to take her.
365	N	I graduated from Tisch 2 years ago and was on their site and almost gave back my lunch when I read which teachers have been given title "Distinguished." Who rates them - their childen? Gormley and Julie Sloane and Susan Sandler and Alice Elliott? I had the misfortune of having all four and would rate them similarly. Horrible.
366	N	Ugh. Remember the nuns you hated in catholic school? She's worse. Scary dull and incredibly strict and I think she thinks she's a famous actress.
367	N	This women is dreadful!!!! She thinks Meryl Streep is over-rated, is obsessed with Marlon Brando, and reminds me of every bad teacher I had in Catholic school. She spends more time making up rules then teaching. She seems very bitter and thinks she is the best actress in the world. Talks about herself constantly.
368	N	Peggy's lectures are incredibly boring and useless. She rambles on about Sidney Lumet, Marlon Brando, and her personal experiences. I can't name a thing I learned in her class, but it's required, so good luck.
369	P	Caring teacher, but doesn't give you room to learn on your own or discover things yourself. Lots of in-class exercises as well. Not my favorite Tisch prof, but she's still pretty good.
370	N	I'm impressed by how little I learned given how much time I spent in this class. Unfortunately it is required and she is the only professor.
371	N	Yuck! This woman actually gives pop quizzes. She is completely self-centered, and obsessed with Marlon Brando. Treats you like your five. Boring, except when she talks about herself, her favorite subject. Don't take unless you are forced to.
372	N	I think Peggy is very misunderstood. Sure, she gets angry easily and calls people out, but hey, she was intimidating but effective. The lectures didn't stand out to me much, but were informative, but the speech Peggy gave on the last day of class was the most inspiring thing I've heard since I came to Tisch. If every class ended like that. Wow.
373	N	The class Peggy teaches is easy. Peggy, however, is not easy. If you arrive even one second late, she'll give you a "late ticket." If you fall asleep, she'll mark your grade down. She treats the entire class like high schoolers. All she ever talks about is her career and Marlon Brando. Stay awake and go to class and you'll get an A.
374	N	As you can see, Peggy is a very divisive professor. Personally? I didn't like her. I thought she was petty, arrogant, and disrespectful. She says a lot of stupid stuff about writing and directing. At the same time, she certainly knows her stuff with acting and actors, so try to be open to what she has to say on that front. Ignore everything else.
375	N	Oh Peggy, Peggy. This course is extremely important in the directing student curriculum and Peggy ruined all the interest I had in learning about anything she taught. Her constant calls for the class to be silent, not to eat, not to look at each other, not to breathe, distract everyone. You will be drained and stressed after every single class.
376	N	Knows what she's talking about but fails to connect and control the classroom . Very old school and refuses to see that the world is evolving. Plus she's one of those professors that hammers the whole artist thing down your throat and tries to convince your grades et cetera don't matter. *she's an actres , that's important to know
377	P	Peggy is an iconic freshman lecturer. Everybody respects and recognises her. She shares wonderful insights into the industry and focuses on things that really matter. You will find her lectures interesting if you are into directing techniques and performance analysis. Her humour is eccentric and funny. Attendance is crucial if you want to get an A.
378	N	Peggy is eccentric, though sometimes a bit impatient with her classes. Her lectures are a good 30 minutes longer than most feel is necessary, but she gives great insight to the world of the actor and directing. She's quite the name dropper, and her class is almost entirely attendance based, but overall is a good fit for the course.
379	N	Peggy is full of great stories and insights. A seasoned industry vet. A little eccentric, but she's an actress, what do you expect? Very fun class, if a little long at times. Peggy is a cool lady.
380	P	Rutigliano is one of the most interesting people I have ever met. There's many moments in our class that I will remember forever, especially the field trip to the cloisters. He is incredible insightful about the subject matter and life as a whole. However, the course is VERY lecture heavy with many tangents - it can get very dry, very quickly.
381	P	That rare kind of professor who can completely change the way you see the world, his love of knowledge is absolutely contagious and you are guaranteed to learn something new about the subject and about yourself in his class.
382	P	Professor is awesome not a drag. He keeps you interested with his class and makes you think outside the box. I would take him again if I could!
383	P	Out of all the schools, and all the classes all over the world, this man has made more of an impact on my world view And personal life than everything put together. It's more than the easy A, it's the knowledge and passion he has for history that for the first time I enjoyed learning and imagining people from th from that era. He's unconventional
384	P	Teacher's teacher, his passion for the subject matter is contageous!
385	P	Best professor I've ever had hands down. Gives you an A as long as he can tell you're putting in effort. He's very funny and knows more than anyone I've ever met. I wish all of my professors were this knowledgeable. Easy pop quizzes if you read. 5 1-2 page papers and 1 6-8 page epic. 1 in class presentation and a trial at the end of the semester.
386	P	This is really an amazing professor. It wasnt up until the second to last class that I finally understood what he was saying. This is a "meaning of life" class. He opens your eyes to a different view of the world and leaves you amazed. Highly recommend
387	N	Not very understanding at all. He appears to very friendly and likable during class. However, when you are seeking help and understanding for the inevitability of certain events, zero sympathy and understanding are given.
388	P	Transformation - enough said. Take his class and you'll understand.
389	P	Rutigliano is an amazing Professor and really cares a great deal about his students. The class is easy but he makes it like that for a reason. He knows students are only there for a grade. Yet somehow he's so inspiring that I end up reading every book he assigns during my free time. Best Prof at NYU hands down. I have taken 4 classes with him.
390	P	I've taken two classes with Rutigliano and I dare anyone to find a more inspiring and innovative professor at NYU or any other school. This man is an encyclopedia. He knows everything and at the same time, understands how to teach things in a way that makes students want to learn. You will love his class and love him, I promise.
391	P	Easy A! He is great!
392	P	He's the best professor i've had at NYU. at first i was a little lost, he has this adorable accent and is very passionate when he speaks about history but his methods and approach to teaching is absolutely wonderful and inspiring. he definitely makes you t
393	P	Rutigliano, I'm sure, is a good person & a good professor but as an advisor he is very very very hard to get in-touch with. Maybe he should give up the advising gig although he is good at it.
394	P	His classes were fun, inspiring, very knowledgable, but also very haphazard. You can get by regurgitating, but he loves and inspires when you bring new material to the table. a fun advisor!! walking prozac.
395	P	absolute genius! ridiculous knowledge but no pretension. such a great teacher. just amazing. only person in gallatin [teacher, faculty, student] that i've met that isn't a total ass.
396	P	He's the BEST!!!! Professore was the man and I'd take any class he offered!!!!!
397	P	i love this man!
398	N	He's a smart guy, and his lectures and discussions can be fun and interesting, but the class itself is very badly put together: basically just regurgitate what he says in class on the tests. It's kind of ironic that he rails against "phenomenal" thinking and the outmoded educational system, yet that is exactly how his class is structured.
399	P	He does a great job of giving students a taste of the subject. His classes are not as rigorous as they could be, but they are an entertaining introduction. He's an incredibly passionate teacher.
400	N	Professor Kellogg's classes are known to be very easy and require little work and this was true in this class. The material he presents in lectures and the studies that you learn about in class are interesting and relevant. My main problem is he sometimes says things that are kind of offensive to women and he doesn't really realize it.
401	P	Easiest A! And it's not just because this class is interesting, but also because Prof. Kellogg is such a great lecturer who cares about his students. We need more professors like him at NYU. You run very interesting labs in SPSS with your peers. There's a midterm based on class terms and a final which you do in groups. Overall, great class!
402	N	You can take this class for the content, but expect to memorize 200 slides for every exam, know how to write every single word on each exam that weighs 33% each, and don't expect to get any extra credit. Take it as pass fail if you care about your grade. Great information, horrible class structure. He discourages learning, encourages memorization.
403	P	Prof. Kellogg is the BEST PSYCH PROFESSOR AT NYU. His class is super easy and he allows you fix all the labs you mess up on. The midterm exam is based on one lecture and the final is a group lab assignment. JUST SHOW UP & TRY AND YOU WILL GET AN A. He even has an extra credit opportunity. The paper was tricky, but manageable. Overall, he's amazing
404	P	This is one of the most interesting courses I've taken at NYU. If you end up taking this class, I guarantee you that you will learn a lot about drug addiction. Just make sure that you're able to memorize over 200 slides, since your exams will be based on them. Grading criteria is pretty simple: 2 out of 3 best exams will determine your final grade.
405	P	I took Addiction with Kellogg. There were 3 exams that made up your entire grade and they were based off of the lecture slides put online. If you memorize the slides then you'll ace the exams. You don't have to go to class- he even says anything he says in class won't be on the exam, only the slides. Lectures are interesting but not imperative.
406	N	I enjoy the class, but the professor isn't very engaging. In addition, his exams most definitely no longer take 10 minutes. Each exam had over 100 short answer questions that required straight memorization from 200 slides of information. Don't take this class if you want an easy A because you actually have to work for it now.
407	P	The exams are all short answer (with very few multiple choice) so make sure you MEMORIZE the important details (which can be many). I went into this course not expecting much but now I am seriously considering doing something involved with addiction treatment. In short, this course has really changed the direction of my life. Thanks, Professor.
408	P	This can be an easy class to pass with a good grade if you memorize the material for the three exams. I don't know why, but I enjoy having this class in the morning. It's an interesting topic and very easy going to have in the morning when there is a movie/documentary almost every week pertaining to the drug topic and class is usually full too.
409	P	This class was a joke. I NEVER skip classes, but I stopped attending his. He shows movies just about every class and reads off slides he puts online. All of his "exams" take 10 min max, and I learned almost nothing new. I don't know how he can take a paycheck from NYU in good conscience when he puts in so little effort teaching.
410	P	Easiest A i've ever gotten. He grades the labs for each class pass/fail, and he lets you redo them if you fail or miss it. For exams, he only had a midterm, and a final. He gives you a cheat sheet for the midterm which has 25 terms/definition to remember, and the final was just running data on SPSS which took less than 30mins.
411	P	Great professor, easy A if you put some work in. Whoever said he doesn't care is a ****. This guy is amazing.
412	P	Attendance is not mandatory but for some reason the class is FULL everyday especially at 9:30am this is rare. Students are obviously going for a reason. I enjoy this class early in the morning, he throws jokes in sometimes which is nice. Very easy to talk to and he covers important material related to the subject.
413	N	In 3 words - He doesn't care. The final exam takes 15 min to complete. He gives a cheat sheet of the answers the day before. He is passive aggressively trying to hurt NYU by not teaching anything constructive instead his students watch movies he got from the Hallmark Channel. The fact that his whole class gets an A should be a red flag that he suck
414	P	Taking lab in psychopathology with him now. this is the second time i've had him as a teacher and he is by far the best psychology teacher at nyu. easy but interesting and fun. take any class with him you can!
415	P	I love him. I think he is hot. The class was an easy A. He tells you exactly what is going to be on the tests and the majority of a test was just listing terms that he gives you in class. One thing that I had a problem with was that sometimes he would speed through his slides which he does not post. Either have the book and don't go to class or go
416	P	One of the easiest classes ever. Just do the study guides, study the night before so it's fresh in your mind, and you'll get an A. Prof Kellogg is funny, and although attendance in not mandatory, you should go for his stories. Very interesting course, with interesting movies.
417	P	I Heart Scotty K! YOU MUST TAKE THIS CLASS! This guy is awesome!! Don't let people ruin the class and complain about it being too easy...yeah it's easy but I actually wanted to go to this class (a large detour from my lack of attendance in other classes ::coughs Social Psych::)
418	P	This is an easy A class, minimal stuying involved. It can get a little unchallenging, and then you question the prof's tenure status. But I look forward to having him in a small class setting.
419	P	Best professor I ever had. There's just an awesomeness about him.
420	P	Honestly not an easy A class, but amazing lectures. His class is helpful in a way that he really requires us to understand the material instead of merely how to solve the problem. The class may seem confusing at first, but you will likely find the class interesting when you get to know his style and understand his words.
421	N	Bisin is probably a good researcher but he really doesn't know how to teach undergraduate students who are new to statistics. He is terrible at math so he leaves everything to the conceptual level. His lectures are very confusing, sometimes he gets himself lost. It is possible to ace the exams but you need to self study a lot of materials!
422	N	Bisin overall is OKAY I would say. Very nice guy, funny and cares about students learning. Make sure you go to class and write down every word because he doesn't go by the book and will test you on what you did in class. If you have Seher Gupta for recitation, you're lucky and make sure you GO FOR ALL OF THEM. She is amazing and taught me everythin
423	N	Do not take his class. He is a very nice person and genuinely cares about your LEARNING. But that results in him not caring about your grade. He is extremely vague about his exams and tests and won't tell you ANYTHING. You'll have maybe 2-3 questions for the entire midtermfinal and they'll be mad hard. Just do yourself favor and avoid him.
424	N	I'm still not entirely sure why NYU has such great Intro teachers but not one decent Intermediate one. Bisin is a good guy, but he WILL challenge you and make you work hard. He thinks spending 5-6 hours on a problem set (which you'll get every week) is the norm and you SHOULD be stuck and have to think it over. The structure of the class is weird
425	N	Curriculum is poorly constructed, involving jumping from topic to topic without much depth or explanation. Lectures are unclear. Bisin frequently goes entire lectures without explaining even the basic concepts behind each problem, leaving even the most interested students lost. However, he is a funny and interesting guy.
426	N	He has no book for the class. This is not an Introductory class, but instead, an advanced and quickly moving survey of microeconomic principles and topics. I don't understand how he is still teaching aside from tenure and research contributions. Arrogant and comes off as unhelpful.
427	N	I pay attention in class yet learn little. He skips multiple steps and often tells you more about what you will learn rather than actually teach it. You don't know what is important and things are taught in random order. When I look at homework sets, I don't know what I'm even supposed to do. He's a cool/smart guy, but not a great teacher.
428	P	Bisin gives off the charts interesting lectures, they are not always directly related to the material but they are very engaging and entertaining. He is very kind and helpful to students who approach him. He can come off as a bit intimidating at first but he is a great guy. Incredibly helpful to students who make an effort in the class and with him
429	N	Bisin is not a great communicator or teacher, making the material difficult to understand. There seemed to be no structure to the class, and many people seemed lost. He asks little of his students, though, making it easy enough to get a good grade without truly comprehending the material.
430	N	Bisin moves fast, very fast. Classes seem scattered and material can seem difficult at times, but it makes sense if you can keep up with it. Make sure you're interested in the subject beforehand
431	N	Class is in dire need of a real textbook. Prof's notes are whimsical, unpolished, and not nearly comprehensive enough. Basically, if you ever don't get something, you're screwed.
432	N	Bisin is a brilliant economist, but not that great of a teacher. He knows and understands the material in his own mind and in his own language (Italian) but struggles to convey the principles simply to his students. However, he would be a much better teacher if he asked more of his students (i.e. its possible to get by without doing any work).
433	N	The class is a difficult one - don't take it if you're not sure about whether you can deal with the amount of mathematics in it. I changed to the Policy track after it. He's a really knowledgeable guy, and he loves what he's doing - but he's not particularly into an easy approach, dives right into it assuming everybody's going to be following him.
434	P	Okay everyone who keeps complaining that microeconomics should be a prerequisite obviously never took microecon, therefore has no grounds to say it should be a prereq. Its not for a reason, if your good at math you will do well in this class regardless of prior econ knowledge.
435	N	Very intense, not much help if you don't have a background of the course.
436	N	You should know principles well and you should be familiar with basic calc. The economic intuition is explained in class, but it might go over your head if you have no econ background and don't spend time reading outside materials (try varian, he puts suggested books on the syllabus for a reason)...he's not the greatest teacher, but you don't really have a choice!
437	N	very unorganized but interesting class. very little homework (3 problem sets) doesnt really matter how you do on the tests and problem sets because he gives everyone a B+ unless he knows who you are and he likes you
438	P	Extremely interesting class... material is well presented and challenging. He uses good examples and always explains the intuition behind the math. Most of the other people commenting are, uh, lets say "sissies", and should take a econ principles class, or just go back to high school.
439	N	He can not teach, he can not even speak, does not even reply the e-mails. You can not learn anything from the lectures, he is not prepared at all!
440	P	John is amazing, but if you don't have a good TA, that's going to work against you. He puts a LOT of emphasis on historical context over literary analysis. He's usually willing to allow for rewrites and retakes on midterms.
441	P	John Waters is certainly the best professor in the Irish department. This class is challenging, but provides an EXCELLENT survey of Irish history and literature. He's an amazing speaker and you will learn SO much. Take the time to do the readings and get something out of the class.
442	P	John is the best professor at NYU. You will learn SO MUCH. He's also just as disillusioned if not more with the frustrations of bureaucratic academia as any student, so, he gets it. Lectures are invigorating and completely tireless. I aspire to this man's success and integrity.
443	N	Course was taught by 2 profs - this one was less knowledgable than the other. Rambles a lot during lectures on things not relevant to the reading. Slow in giving back papers and assignments, makes a lot of non-PC comments w/o realizing.
444	P	I took Joyce with him. Amazing man. Smart, knowledgeable, funny, and insightful. I could listen to him talk about Joyce for hours. The text(s) were obviously tough, and he empathised with our pain; the class is not for the weak of heart. One (small) thing is that he sometimes has trouble returning papers on time. All in all, great guy.
445	P	Phenomenal Professor. Don't let the tangential lectures deter you.
446	P	Very knowledgeable man. Goes off on tangents for most of class, I usually don't know what's going on but one of the nicest professors I've ever had. Really cares about his students. Lots of reading, not much else to do. Could easily fake it till you make it in this class and do well.
447	N	Waters is an exceptional intellectual. Yes, he can be vague, but his lectures are all encompassing; it would be impossible to be specific. Ideas and sensations! Chase him down for office hours (once you meet him, he gives full attention). Take him for "special topics" courses - he's fully invested. Highly recommend.
448	N	Amazing lectures. You will do well in this class as long as you do the reading.
449	N	He's insanely smart, but his lectures are all over the place. He tries to ask a ton of questions, so that you'll think about what you're reading; however, sometimes it leads to boredom. Readings and tests are pretty easy.
450	N	He is extremely unorganized. The class is basically himself talking to the whole class for 80 minutes without any notes. Yeah, he sounds smart right, but you'll have a hard time taking notes, and grasping his ideas.
451	P	I took a MAP/CCC class with waters. He goes off on tangents during lecture and they are hard to follow; however, he always responds to emails, held extra office hours when needed, started a discussion group since we did not have recitation, and slowed the pace down to allow discussion. No work except reading. My favorite freshman class so far.
452	N	He's brilliant, but he's very much in his own world, and it's hard to understand exactly what he means to say. He is bad at returning emails, can be a bit disorganized, and is often late to office hours. But, I did very well on the midterm though I'm not sure how. The class doesn't have a lot of work other than the immense amount of reading.
453	N	I thought that this would an interesting class as the other comments said he was great. He IS smart, but he rambles and goes off on tangents. I don't understand anything that happens. I can't wait until the lecture is over because none of it makes sense to me.
454	N	You will have no idea what he is freakin talking about.
455	N	did not respond to emails. 15 mins late to every class and made us stay an additional 15-20 mins late. never handed back papers. Sometimes posted the readings for the class the day of. brilliant but avoid if you prefer open communication and organization.
456	P	After a horrble experience in Brit Lit I, I was dreading this class. Much to my surprise, Waters made the class engaging and fair. The amount of writing required wasn't too steep and the readings were enjoyable and easy to get through. His class lectures were very thorough, and he made class fun and interesting.
457	N	Took his class on contemporary irish poetry, while he's a great guy and an engaging professor, he is totally disorganized. most of what we read was photocopied at the last minute because he never ordered the books, so it was hard to plan ahead and an unnecessary hassle to get the books elsewhere.
458	P	Amazing Professor
459	P	Waters rocks my world. Love this man. Take his class.
460	P	Amy is a really nice and lovely lady. She's caring and encouraging. She gives clear guidence to help you improve your writing. Follow her instruction, participate and you will learn a lot! TAKE HER!!
461	P	PERFECT writing1 prof. take her. she's SUPER nice. i wish i can take her again next semester but nyu albert scheduling sucks. you write 3 essays (revisions allowed) and journal entries (NOT a biggie) - just read and jot down notes :) participate! it's pretty easy to participate in her class even if you're shy! she likes personalstories and details
462	P	Amy really cares about her students. You need to write journals before every class so you can discuss them in class. The readings weren't heavy. She isn't easy when grading essays, but she gives you great feedbacks and the opportunity to revise your essays until the end of the semester. Essay topics are interesting.
463	P	Amy is the best professor that I've had at NYU. She is kind and cares about all her students. You can tell she loves her jobs and wants to make things interesting for her students. She gives 3 essays with unlimited revisions if you aren't happy with your grade. Just read her assignments, participate in class, ask for feedback and you'll do great!!
464	P	Amy is awesome! There are three essays (which you can rewrite until last day of classes for a better grade), and occasional journal entries. She's super nice and helpful. Definitely recommend taking her class.
465	P	Amy really cares for her students. She really helps you out during her office hours. Though her classes can be a bit boring sometimes, she is so nice and we discuss a lot of readings. Participation really matters if you want an A!!
466	P	She is a really nice lady, giving you the chance to rewrite and keep revising the essay till the end of this semester. You may get a low grade at first. Then go to her office, talk to her and revise it in the way she instruct and you will get an A.
467	P	Absolute favorite professor. Eased students into a challenging but fun writing class by assigning engaging and relatable essays. (Seriously, we read about Monopoly.) Encouraged us to develop individual styles. No busywork. No phones in class. Assignments and prompts were extremely flexible. Fun, approachable, and very easy to reach. Take her class!
468	P	Amy is a great writing professor. She really wants to see you become the best possible grader -- don't be afraid to approach her with questions on your essay because she'll sense that you care about your writing and reward you for it. She's also always so happy during each class. It was a pleasure to be in her class.
469	P	I was actually excited to go to her classes because of how informative yet laid-back her classes were. The contents in class are never ambiguous or needless- they were all interesting to discuss with the class. However, her grading criteria can be a little bit ambiguous, so clarify with her if you need to. Take her class. It was a great one.
470	P	Amy is incredibly sweet and brings in so many interesting viewpoints on writing. I learned so much from her class and she was always there if I needed help. I would take her again for sure!
471	P	If you have the opportunity to take Professor Wilkinson, do it! She chooses the most interesting readings, and really wants students to engage in class, and translate that to their writing. She allows so much freedom with essays, and encourages the class to write about what they're passionate about. Highly, highly recommend.
472	P	She's so sweet and funny and extremely helpful. I always look forward to class, and I feel like my writing has improved significantly. I would highly recommend her.
473	P	Amy is the nicest professor I've ever taken.She never has a bad day,and always comes into class smiling asking how everyone's day is,even though the class doesn't answer.I thought the topic of Food was weird for a writing class,but it turned out to be very interesting.The two essays are long(12-15) pages,but you get plenty of time to work on them.
474	P	I thought this was a great introduction to writing in college. I felt like I learned a lot about different writing styles and I felt like I improved my own writing in the process. I felt a bit bad, though, because hardly everyone would participate when she asked questions. Just put effort in the essays/small assignment; it's a pretty easy class.
475	P	I took her for writing 1. She's sweet and very helpful. Fair grading. Rewrite allowed. But I think she's good for people who just wanna fulfill the requirements, since her class was a bit boring and honestly, I don't think I've learned a lot.
476	P	Good teacher if you want to learn about food and writing. Personally, I was not interested in the topic, which made the work seem very unnecessary and annoying. But shes a very helpful teacher and grades fair.
477	P	Amy can make wonders when it comes to one's ability to both write well and provoke insightful comments in their essay. I really enjoyed her class and I learned so much from Food Cookery! She took a bland topic and turned it into something very approachable. She improved my writing and helped me see another perspective. Loved her class! Take her! :)
478	P	Amy is a wonderful professor and all around person. She has revolutionized the way I write and think about writing, and she has made a class and a topic I formerly didn't care about into something new. She is adorable, sweet, and very intelligent. She recommends some good books/authors all the time, and I recommend her. She's clear and devoted.
479	P	I absolutely loved her as a professor, she's so sweet! We wrote a couple of papers and she allows rewrites which are due at the end of the semester. Reading load can be a lot sometimes but overall is manageable, and she makes you keep a journal. I really wish I could've taken her next semester! Definitely take her if you can.
480	P	I really enjoy Professor Sondjaja's class! Hands down one of the most caring professors at NYU. She teaches the material in a clear structure and wants you to succeed. Go to office hours, even if once, will help you tremendously. Everything is well-explained, in a way that I don't have too many questions to ask. Hope I can take more of her classes!
481	P	Tia is the best professor I've ever had in the math department. 100% recommend.
482	P	Tia was amazing! She was incredibly passionate, which made her lectures very engaging. She was also able to break down some of the more complex ideas into easily understandable steps, and she was very willing to answer any and all student questions, and always phrased her answers in a way that allowed students to come to their own conclusions.
483	P	Professor Sondjaja is a very nice professor that gives clear lectures and has tests that are self-explanatory.
484	P	Sondjaja is truly someone that cares about the learning experience. She will do whatever she can to help a person understand the topic and enforces participation to make sure everyone is on the same page. She does not mind taking time after class to talk about any questions.
485	P	She's incredible. Discrete isn't easy, and her class definitely isn't an easy A, but she's unbelievably clear and logical in her lectures and explanations, and that's very important for a class like discrete. You'll really really learn. There's a fair amount of homework, and there are quizzes every week, but those are all pretty easy. Take her.
486	P	Sondjaja is an amazing professor and is very helpful during lectures and office hours and really makes sure all students understand what is going on. Highly recommend any of her classes!
487	P	Great professor who truly tries to bring her best every lecture. Presents the material in a way that is engaging and is open to any questions. HW is hard and lengthy but most of the questions are repeats from previous years so if you can find them online you'll be fine. Exams are challenging and weigh a lot on your grade so study for them.
488	P	Shes a good professor. She will make sure that you know the material. If you dont understand something, she will take the time out to explain it to you in a different way. Discrete Math is a CS requirement for NYU CAS. I didnt like the material, nor that the class is almost 2 hours.
489	N	Sondjaja is a very nice professor, she teaches a tough subject and she tries her best but at least for me to no avail. Her test's are in between medium and hard difficulty. Average score for first test was 80 and second test was in the 70's. Discrete is a very tough subject and if you do not understand it then good luck. Lots of people retake.
490	P	Amazing professor, clear explanations, but difficult material and curve. Attendence wasn't super mandatory but if you want to get better than a B- you need to show up to every class.
491	P	She cares and is a good teacher. But wayyyyyy too much homework fam
492	P	Love her! Super helpful and cares a lot about the class. Would definitely take her again. Gives lots of quizzes and HWs to make sure you know your stuff for midterms and finals so be prepared to work. I can tell she really tries to get people excited about the course even though it might seem like a boring subject. Take her!
493	P	A really great professor. She enthusiastically teaches every class despite low class participation. She provides a lot of resources to help you boost your grade and responds actively on Piazza when classmates don't. She's always available for office hours and is generally very organized. She gives a fair amount of work so stay on top of HWs.
494	N	Sondjaja is awesome man. If you like math and like an organized person she is the one. If i take calc 3 i'm defintely taking her. there is a lot of work but if u really love math it is fine. U have to work hard to earn your grade. She's very helpful so ask for it. i didnt like the textbook.
495	P	She is super organized, gives very clear lectures, and she will help you in every way possible if you reach out to her. Exams are not hard as long as you do the worksheets and listen during class.
496	N	Wasn't always very clear in lecture (just didn't like her style of lecture) My TA Flavien was super helpful though. Go to office hours if you need it, you will definitely get help. Sondjaja was an okay teacher, Calc 1 is just a hard course and its difficult to teach to 110 students at once.
497	N	Uses clickers for attendance, be wary of recitation instructors, wants participation but is hard to get it in the morning sections, big lecture hall
498	P	She is a great professor! She is really sweet and will help you in every way she can! She tries to be fair to every student in class and I loved it! The exams are hard but you can do well if you practice the weekly worksheets. Take her! She does not have an accent, so you would be able to understand her :)
499	P	She is the best! She is the most caring math professor and really cares about how students are doing and integrates how students are reacting to the material into her lessons. She slows down when necessary and is always willing to stay and explain anything. Really passionate about what she does and adorably is in love with math. Take her!
500	P	Really great class! You learn a lot and Prof Shamsai knows a lot about the industry and is always very willing to help. Speaking in class is important for your grade.
501	P	Great professor, genuinely cares about students. Has very relevant professional experience and lectures are informative. Be sure to participate in discussion and ask questions, as it helps you learn and helps your grade as well.
502	P	so if you want to take the entertainment media intro class , please go straight to Peri. I was decided to just get over with the requirement but this class ends up becoming my best class this semester. Peri is extremely passionate about the class and the material, you will learn a lot since the class is really systematic.
503	P	Professor Shamsai is the best! I've never taken a marketing /stern course before, and it was definitely challenging. But at the same time I learned so much that is so applicable to all your other classes (in BEMT minor). I didn't participate much which shattered my grade. The class is tough but so rewarding. Definitely keep in touch with Peri!
504	P	Peri is one of the best professors I've had at NYU. I'm not a business person, but she struck a perfect balance between simplifying concepts and respecting students' intelligence. She knows the industry side of things backwards and forwards and is full of stories that are both entertaining and informative, plus she's super nice
505	P	EMI is a very helpful course since it gives you an overview of all the entertainment industries. Professor Shamsai does a great job of teaching this course. She is passionate about the subject and has so much amazing experience in entertainment industries that she's more than happy to share. She is also always willing to answer questions and help.
506	P	This class is required for the BEMT minor, and if you're looking for a professor that will really make the material digestible for you, it's Peri. There is not much outside work for the class, so attending the lectures is pretty important. She is such a sweet person and is more than willing to hop on the phone with you at any point to help.
507	P	Three years post grad and I still implement the lessons learned from Peri's lectures. Regardless of my artistic academic background, I was forced to think of myself not only as a part of this industry but challenged to be a game changer. Take this class. The longterm value outweighs the amount of credits on your transcript.
508	P	Prof. Shamsai's class was exceptionally helpful in preparing me both for other courses in BEMT at NYU, as well as for working in the Entertainment industry in my other internships. The class work is very manageable with an emphasis on group work. Prof. Shamsai is very knowledgeable, and her passion makes the lectures fun and engaging.
509	P	Prof Shamsai is incredibly knowledgeable and cares a lot about the class learning the fundamentals of the media & entertainment industries. The learnings are very practical and have helped me in internship interviews and work. This is a terrific class if you really want to understand the media industries.
510	N	She's passionate about the topic, but she asks for way too much from a 2 credit class. Asking for a midterm, a final, and a presentation is just too much plus she asks you to call in twice for the group project and the amount of work she expects is too much.
511	P	Prof. Shamsai's EMI class was one of my favorite courses at NYU. Shamsai is incredibly knowledgable, and made lectures both interesting and entertaining. The course is a very detailed but clear overview of M&E industries. Projects & workload were totally manageable, and tests were very fair. Overall a great class, and a fun and helpful professor.
512	N	Has a lot of passion for the subject, but that's about it. Throws a lot of information at you (it's hard to take notes), and the tests are incredibly difficult even if you understand the material and put a reasonable amount of studying team in. Also have to do a 7-person group project. Overall, not a fan of the class and would not recommend.
513	P	I have never used RMP before but after completing Peri's EMI I felt the need to write a review. This course was the most practical course that I have taken thus far at NYU, and that being said there was never a dull moment. PS is extremely passionate, engaging, kind, supportive, and tons of fun! She helps you build your future and she truly cares.
514	P	Professor Shamsai (had her for Media & Entertainment Industries in Stern) was one of the best educators I've ever had. She is very passionate about the material, explains concepts clearly, and genuinely wants her students to succeed. She expects high engagement, and is very inspirational in doing so. I can't recommend her enough.
515	P	Great Class! Really informative. Compared to how much this class teaches you about Media its not hard at all and def worth it. Professor did a great job bringing real world examples to the class texts.
516	P	Shamsai did a great job teaching the key aspects of M&E industries. If you want to gain a good understanding of these industries, this is a great class. It's not easy, but Shamsai ensure all students have the background they need; she is always available for exam prep & help on team projects. I now work in media & use learnings from the class often
517	P	This class is not easy, especially if you're like me and don't have a big business background. However, Prof Shamsai does a great job of breaking down the econ sections. I came away from the semester with a great understanding of the broader entertainment industry. It's a lot to cover in one semester and she understands which info is most useful.
518	P	It was definitely not an easy class to do well in, but Professor Shamsai is VERY fair. She is very knowledgable of the industry and makes herself very available to her students. The final project was meaningful and helped me to learn more about the current state of the entertainment industry. Make sure to memorize every last detail on those PPTs!
519	P	She was my professor for Media and Entertainment. I think she did an excellent job covering the basics of the different areas of the entertainment industry. Her lectures were well organized. If you read the case studies and pay attention in lecture you'll have no problem. This is a great class if you're serious about the entertainment industry.
520	N	He is a sweet person, likes his students and enjoys teaching, but it is just so hard to understand his concept and ideas. He often repeats lessons, people seem bored during the class. He REALLY gets pissed when people are not paying attention or sleeping. So PAY ATTENTION AND PARTICIPATE!
521	N	He's a sweet guy and super enthusiastic, but I really think he has no clue what he's talking about sometimes.
522	N	I had him for the summer session. He is a really sweet guy, and a good teacher if you LISTEN. yes he can be confusing, but he clears things up if you go to see him during office hours. people do not like this class because you actually have to work for your grade.
523	P	I really liked him, he's a fun and nice guy. Also he knows quality writing very well. Good guy, not the easiest class in the world, but one of my favorites.
524	N	This was the worst class I've had to take so far. It was boring and hard and he's useless as far as help.
525	N	Very energetic in the morning,likes to send emails before 8:00 am (on the weekends), kind of vague in his helpfulness. Woka, Woka,Woka, Woka, RIGHT?
526	N	Loves to talk, but can be vague with his statements. Very enthusiastic for an early morning class. Biased, but if you follow his suggestions, you'll receive a better grade. Right? Waka waka waka.
527	P	A difficult yet fun professor. He is a bit of an oddball, but he absolutely loves literature and writing. Just put in effort and it will pay off
528	N	Do not take this sorry excuse for a professor if you wish to enjoy your life. This man is a soul crusher, dream ender, and life ruiner. Over 15 hours of work on my essay earned me an average grade. He is an unfair grader, and a biased prick who only values his own pitiful opinions. STAY AWAY from this man if you want to improve your writing.
529	N	He's absolutely useless. A very biased grader, he is cryptic in his desires and vague with his criticisms. He makes connections so obscure, even a philosophy professor got confused. Take the class at your own risk.
530	P	Prof. Mccormack was really helpful and insightful in class. Having class with him was a really enjoyable way for me to start my day. He is admittedly a difficult professor, but I have learned much from him. I feel that most people don't put in that much effort, which they blame him for and that's not fair. I loved him and recommend him to all!
531	N	Loved writing before attending this class my fall semester of Freshman year. Learned nothing and did not improve, but not for lack of effort. All three essays received the same grade, although I did well in discussions and minor assignments. Biased grader, looks only for his opinions - write what he wants and you'll get an A.
532	N	Definitely wants his students to feel as passionately towards the subject as he does, but falls very short. Not to mention his advice is the most cryptic crap I've ever heard-- when asking about my essay, the only thing he could advise me to do was to "Let the essayists be the string of popcorn on my magical Christmas tree of an essay." Thanks...
533	N	We get to see a strange Polish movie in class. McCormack also makes some loose, vague connections between various texts. But he is certainly encouraging, enthusiastic, and he works hard to get us engaged in the material as well. He's humorous at times too; serious when he has to be though. I suggest take this course! Makes you think a lot:)
534	N	Totally A nice guy!!!! Really eager to help! Might confuse you sometimes but if you're really persistent he can actually be helpful in office hours. BE ON TIME TO HIS CLASS!!! He pretends nt 2 care but totally marks u down 4 it! Most enthusiastic person I've eber met!!! Grades really Harshly.
535	N	Extremely nice guy. He's really enthusiastic about everything. He wants us to share in his enthusiasm, as well. I feel like he lacks the ability to truly guide us. He is a bit cryptic. I wish he had been more concrete about his advice/insight. I felt lost, and he was never there to really help. At all. I don't feel like I improved or learned much.
536	N	He wants to inspire his students to write but he just can't. A lot of writing for his class, a LOT of reading and he is a harsh grader. His classes are boring. But he's a nice guy.
537	N	No Comments
538	N	enthusiastic and good-hearted. not the greatest listener, but if you go to his office hours and calm him down he can be a good help. if you aren't enthusiastic about writing i think you'll have problems, but if you're interested in improving, he can be a great help. despite some bs now and then, he's quite an intelligent professor.
539	N	this teacher, if you can call him that, is the biggest piece of crap in the world. i have had more intelligent conversations with coma patients than with him. he is by far the worst teacher i have ever had. not helpful, not fair and a total **** to top it off. he is worse than malignant brain tumors. STAY AWAY!!!
540	P	Dr. Fenton is a super nice guy who's willing to hear you out on things. He always wants his students to do well. The class is pretty difficult for a core class, but you really don't need to memorize anything to do well on the exams. He makes the exams about broader concepts and you should be able to do well if you can think logically.
541	P	Very smart professor and a nice guy. Class is a little tough for a core subject.
542	P	This class is dense, with complicated material. But, Professor Fenton works hard to break everything down for students. He really wants to see everyone learn and pass. There's a generous curve throughout the semester, and he loves having students ask questions after class or during office hours. If you're struggling, seek him out.
543	N	Don't make the mistake I did and think this class will be half bio and half psych!!! It is absolutely PURE bio!! The name of the class is misleading!! He is primarily used to teaching graduate students and therefore teaches a lot of complex material for undergrads. He is horrible at explaining stuff and his office hours are useless. DON'T TAKE HIM!
544	N	Dr. Fenton doesn't even teach from the book. He teaches based off of research he's done, but since the research he's done is a very specific part of memory, expect the final to go way too in depth into his one topic while not really covering other things. Unbelievably hard tests, unbelievably condescending, and, despite what he lets on, NO CURVE.
545	P	For a guy that has to teach students about complicated bodily structures, he does a good job. His lectures can be a bit dull simply because the material is complex and sometimes hard to picture, but he mixes in some jokes and good analogies here and there to keep students attentive. He's also very welcoming and really wants to see you succeed.
546	N	Read the textbook before the lecture, then do the lab in recitation and you should absorb the material well. Otherwise it is very dense and there will be a lot to cram for each exam. As long as you stay up to date you should be fine for the pop quizzes as well. Material is somewhat interesting, but he does a decent job presenting it.
547	P	Prof. Fenton is very funny and he knows how to make the classes concentrated on his topic. He is very helpful in learning. His explanation is the best I've honestly ever seen among neuroscience dept.
548	N	Attendance was not mandatory, and I did not go to class except for a handful of times. Go to lab, do most of the readings, actually watch the short online materials, find someone to study with, and ask your TA questions and it's an easy A. If you go to lecture and you can't pull at least a B+ then there's something wrong with you.
549	N	Professor Fenton is a very bright man who clearly knows a lot about the field of neuroscience. When I would go in for tutoring, the students would tell me that this class is basically a "simplified" intro to neuroscience. This class was difficult, but overall, if you read the book, you will do fine on the midterm and the final.
550	N	Andre is so passionate about what he is teaching, and wants to ignite a passion for the same subject within all of his students. He is a fast and straightforward lecturer, ready to answer all questions if you're willing to ask them in lecture. His tests are easy, but if you pay attention and engage in the subject, the tests will be okay.
551	N	The teacher doesn't explain the concepts very well in class, so be prepared to rely on the textbook for most of the answers. Pop quizzes happen often and are quite difficult.
552	N	I found his lectures to be too abstract and unclear. He will give out an occasional pop quiz when he sees there's not many people attending class. His tests are a bit more on the difficult side. He gave us the option to drop our 2nd midterm and have final count for more, so that was nice. Passionate for what he does, he just isn't the best teacher.
553	N	DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS. Core science classes are for students who don't have an interest in science. This class was way too difficult for a core class. And the professor just doesn't know how to teach. He's very smart, but not good at conveying information
554	N	If you're not afraid of a challenge, and are willing to study, TAKE THIS CLASS!! It seriously changed by life, and the way I think about everything. Professor Fenton is a really nice guy, and clearly has passion about his area of study.
555	P	I really enjoyed this class. It does require a lot of work, especially for a non-science major. I was not a science person in high school but LOVED learning about neuroscience in Fenton's class. If you are interested and willing to do the textbook reading, then take this class.
556	N	Originally, I thought this class was going to be more psychology based. Unfortunately, it's heavy on the biology. I was never good at science, so I was very scared. I just took the final, and don't even remember a thing. Honestly, I suggest taking another Nat Sci. I feel rewarded after studying hard, but this class is a challenge.
557	N	This is by far the most difficult class I've taken as a non-science major at NYU. SO MUCH READING. This class is less about behavior and is more an intro to neuroscience. The tests are ridiculously hard and I found myself miserable and studying much more for this class than any of my others. Labs have nothing to do with lectures. Don't take this.
558	N	Worst course and worst teacher. Puts a damper on your GPA. The resources provided are useless - just slides with pictures and no words on them. He claims that he does not want you to memorize the material but you basically need to know the whole 500 page textbook by-heart if you want to pass. Prof was condescending and unhelpful.
559	N	This class was more about the chemical processes of the brain than the relationship between the brain and behavior. Andre attempted to be a good prof but was unclear in class and condescending in office hours. The tests were HARD. The TAs were alright, but the labs were terrible. AVOID this class if possible!!!!
560	P	Great class! Not much reading or homework but the tests do cover a lot of information (get ready to memorize bone names!). Still, I would recommend Forensic Anthropology to anyone its very interesting and difficult but not ridiculous
561	P	Lots of info and memorization, but the class is very interesting.
562	P	Prof. Anton is amazing. She is a woman who knows what she is talking about, and while at times the material can be frustrating (like memorizing every infra-order and sub-family of the order primates) I enjoyed every second of the lectures she gave. Exams were tough, but she curves really nicely and as long as you exert some effort you're good.
563	N	DO NOT TAKE THSI CLASS FOR CORE CREDIT. There is ALOT of information and three really and unnecessarily hard tests... If you are going to be a Anthro major than, fine, you'll learn a lot and she preps you well for your industry, but this won't be a GPA booster unless you have lots of time to study
564	P	Brilliant professor.Best lecturer I had at NYU. I was pretty resentful about the amount of memorization and tedious laboratory work but taking the material we learned changed the way I thought about the world. Can't ask for much more than that
565	P	Excellent professor. Extremely difficult class. She expects you to memorize every detail for the exam. If you're not an anthropology major, there is absolutely no need or reason for you have to memorize every single primate species. But she's an awesome person and professor, and really funny.
566	N	I cannot fathom how a professor expects students at the undergraduate level to retain so much information. Professor Anton is a great professor who knows the material well, but her exams are VERY difficult. Expect to memorize 1000 details and then only be tested on 10.
567	P	Prof Anton is an awesome lecturer and makes the information seem really clear but the exams are a different story. As long as you know that they will be a lot harder and more detailed than the lectures make it seem, youll be fine. labs are mandatory and tedious
568	P	Dr. Anton is the reason I decided to double in Anthro. Her classes are definitely tough because of all the material, but she's willing to work with you to make sure you understand it all. She makes the class interesting, and her expectations are pretty straightforward. No surprises here.
569	P	She's an amazing professor for Human Evolution. I learned a lot and had a lot of fun. Dr. Anton is extremely approachable and funny. The labs are kind of hard, and there is a lot of information covered, but if you have good memorization skills, you'll do just fine.
570	N	I didn't expect there to be SO much information. Be prepared to memorize the characteristics of 20+ species. The labs are also quite difficult. The tests were, however, fair. Professor Anton is very passionate about her subject and I feel lucky to have had her as a professor. Just get ready to memorize, memorize, memorize!
571	P	Awesome teacher. Great class to take for the required natural science class. I have never taken Anthropology and she is a great teacher and the TAs are awesome.
572	N	I was excited to take this course based on previous reviews. Despite doing well, I thoroughly regret taking it. The material was significantly more in depth than I had expected for an entry level class and the professor simply did not help to make it clear or interesting. If you are looking to fulfill your nat sci requirement, choose another class.
573	P	Forensic Anthropology. Best professor ever! Funny, clearly smart, engaging, learned a ton! You need to definitely study hard, but the material is so interesting it won't matter.
574	P	Awesome professor. Her Human Evolution class is the reason I took on a double major in Anthro. Currently taking her Forensic Anthro class. She's funny, engaging, and the reading she assigns isn't overwhelming. Her exams are tough but I never feel unprepared. Definitely take a class with her if you can.
575	P	I took her for Intro to Forensic Anthro and for Human Evolution. Brilliant, funny, engaging, understands students and our needs - powerpoints up right after lectures, puts up sample tests before exams, lectures are straightforward - she is THE PERFECT PROFESSOR I LOVE HER!!!!! You will NOT regret taking her class!
576	P	By far the best professor I've had at NYU - Professor Anton is the reason I changed my major to Anthropology. She is a funny and engaging speaker and made every lecture fascinating. The exams were easy if you studied. Can't wait to take another class with her!
577	P	I took her for Intro to Forensic Anthropology. She made the class AMAZINGLY cool - she is an excellent and engaging teacher who is practical and straightforward. You will be well-prepped for upcoming exams - simple, easy-to-understand syllabus, sample questions/essays, powerpoints on blackboard the day after she lectures... LOVE HER!!
578	P	THIS WAS THE FIRST ANTHROPOLOGY CLASS I EVER TOOK AND IT MADE ME CHANGE MY MAJOR TO ANTHROPOLOGY. SHE IS FUNNY, INTELLIGENT, NICE, AND HELPFUL. AN OVERALL VERY GOOD TEACHER! EVEN WITH 930AM CLASSES I NEVER FEEL ASLEEP. PROBABLY THE ONLY PROF 2 CELEBRATE DARWIN'S ANNIVERSARY WITH CHOCOLATE. VERY INTERESTING CLASS & GREAT PROF! TAKE THIS CLASS!
579	P	Hands down the coolest class I took at NYU! I cannot even say how awesome I thought this class was... the only problem was that it was really hard- but totally worth it.
580	N	Fred Myers is extremely arrogant and self-absorbed. Lectures were spent just talking about himself and showing pictures of him in Australia. Most readings were his own books, so he would be personally offended if you didn't read them and agree with everything. TA will make or break your grade. class is so boring, take a different C&C!!
581	P	A good choice for Core culture requirement. Experience depends heavily on TA. There are 4 Four page papers and almost all the reading is fairly dry. Class itself is pretty laid back and you don't have to go to every lecture,
582	N	Fred is a pretty floaty, loose lecturer, which can be frustrating in a course without much structure. Without a good TA, this class can be a real thorn in your behind, but with one, it's pretty breezy. The entire class is graded on 4 papers, so beware your GPA if you muck one up. Relatively interesting class as an Australian, but can be boring.
583	P	Fred Myers is very passionate about what he is teaching and quick to include his own anecdotal experience of Australia. Be ready to read the books he assigns (all but one of which are dry) because the essays are based on lecture and the books. Recitation will help you understand lectures better. I'm glad I took the class and I learned a lot.
584	P	Without a doubt, professor Myers is hands down one of the chillest professors out there. His lectures are empowering and insightful. Although he can be a little dry sometimes, his experience and knowledge of aboriginal Australia is simply stunning. It also boils down, to a large degree, your TA. But if you participate, everything will turn out okay
585	P	I took his Core Indigenous Australia course. The readings were easy to engage with and the papers mostly focused on the readings and films, so lecture attendance didn't really matter. He is a really nice guy and the course is very effective. What grade you get is totally up to your TA though.
586	P	This class is one of the easiest Cultures and Contexts you'll find. While I'm not very interested in the topic, the prof. is and he is super knowledgable. I often felt bad for him because many people did not respect him, but he's really sweet. He also doesn't have any midterms or finals, the overall grade is based on the four essays.
587	P	What makes this class is the TA you get. The recitations and TA office hours always answered the papers for me. The actual professor is a nice guy and really wants you to learn about his passion, but his lectures can be dry and there is a crazy amount of reading - only a third of which you actually need for the papers. Easy A if you put in effort.
588	N	Every essay is graded by your TA, and if you have a tough one, this class will NOT be a cake walk. Don't take this class unless you're feeling lucky and get the reasonable and good TA, which is rare. Avoid this class if you want a good grade. Even if you work hard and put in the effort like I did, if your TA is tough, none of that matters. Avoid.
589	N	Gives a 2-question pop quiz from time to time, graded on completion i think. basic stuff, but it means you have to show up. Class is an insane cake walk, 3 papers, and you don't REALLY have to do the reading week-to-week, but your papers are based on it, and it's too dense to skim last minute. Lectures are crazy boring, but you'll get a good grade.
590	N	Talks about himself a lot and all the things he's done with the Pintupi and how many friends he has down under. The essays are annoying because TAs are not helpful with them at all. They are vengeful, so beware and get on their good side.
591	N	Indigenous Australia with him is not the most interesting or helpful course, but it is an easy course. With just a bit of interest and participation, you will do well in his classes. Even though learning about Australian aborigines is not the most interesting topic, I like listening to his lectures.
592	N	This class is a piece of cake. I am actually sitting in class now. You can sit on your computer if you even decide to go to class. No midterm, no final. Just 3 papers. I couldn't have been happier to take this class. It teaches you nothing, but it's easy.
593	N	Interesting (sort of) for a week. Then he repeats himself for the rest of the term. Half of the class was asleep, the other half wasn't there. Three essays and no tests. TAs had no idea what to talk about. Total waste of time.
594	N	Professor Myers is genuinely interested in what he is teaching. He tends to go off on tangents, but go into the class with the right attitude and interest and you will do well and learn a lot.
595	P	Professor Myers is straightforward and very fair in his grading. Exactly what is needed in a MAP course-- overall, very enjoyable
596	N	Arrogant and annoying. Told the same stories every lecture. Good thing was that there were four essays and one was optional. No tests. Boring reading though.
597	N	I took World Cultures Australia with him as my professor and it could have been much more interesting. He is kinda intimadating and many of us were afraid to ask questions. The good part about his class is that I didn't have find it necessary to do the readings and there were only 3 papers and the final was optional.
598	N	intro to aboriginal culture class awful, but no need to go to lecture. TAs good.
599	N	No Comments
600	P	Very knowledgeable, speaks clearly, funny at times, good at describing the harder concepts. Tests are fair. Quiz every class (very easy, based off previous class) means attendance is mandatory, but you can just walk out after if you have to, but I wouldn't recommend it. Don't sleep on this pepsi-drinking lumberjack.
601	P	Dies is a very solid teacher. He's difficult, but it seems appropriate given the class. Very good lecturer who can explain confusing topics with precision and care. Caring. The daily quizzes are good to keep you on track and can boost your grade. Show up to class, read the book if you don't (it's a good book), and you're in good shape. Recommend!
602	P	He is the best professor ever. Work hard and you will get an A. If you are struggling he will do his best to give you a respectable grade. He genuinely wants to see everyone move on to the next course. He is the best person I ever met
603	N	Go to class, but his lectures aren't great if you aren't the best at calc or visualizing math. He mostly just goes through examples from the book. I needed a lot of extra help understanding concepts. I struggled in his class but he is very kind. not an L if you get him but there are probably better options.
604	P	He's a good lecturer, clear and concise and willing to help with problems. He tries his best to make you understand why things work the way they do. Exam was easier than the midterm, and he curves everyone below a certain grade. Solid teacher, would take again for future math classes.
605	P	Pretty fair tests although I've heard he's harder than other professors for Discrete. Was rough for an 8am but make the effort to go to classes and he'll reward you (gave a random pop quiz that was to write your favorite number down). Would take again! Very clear and great clear voice
606	N	Good lecture, but he makes the homework harder than other instructor, as far as I know other two sections doesn't have that much homework, nor hard exam.
607	N	took it over the summer and he had no office hours. Unclear grading criteria but nbd. Would take again if he has office hours.
608	P	Very interesting and clear teacher. Helped me break down my assignments into simple logical progressions. Respects his students.
609	P	He is a great teacher. His lectures are very clear cut and really knows his material and how to explain it. . Always there to help. Tests are pretty standard GREAT TEACHER! I RECOMMEND
610	N	I took it over the summer and he had no office hours.
611	P	Uses real examples in homework. Requires programming not in course description (in syllabus, though).
612	N	Fair, not great. Teach from the book, but give inspiring homework. Good voice.
613	P	His lectures are very helpful. He is a very great professor. He helped me towards an a in the class.
614	P	Dies is an overall great professor. He has a great sense of humor.
615	P	Helpful.
616	P	Erik is hands down the best lecturer you can possibly have for a Math class. He begins each class with an organized, concise review of the previous class. He is very approachable if you're missing a concept and he gives very strong hints as to what he'll put on the exam. He makes hard Math subjects bearable.
617	P	Erik is a fantastic communicator who likes to do mini review sessions of prior material at the start of each class. This is helpful come exam time as well as for quiz preparation. His midterm was very easy as was his final exam. Do all the HWs and ace one of the two exams and you'll receive an A.
618	P	Great lecturer, took him for Calculus 2. He really made the topics we covered clear. Always open to questions from students and speaks CLEAR English (Which is definitely important for a math class) Take him if you can
619	P	No Comments
620	P	Aviva's class on civil rights has changed my life. I don't understand her less than amazing reviews on here. She outlines what is expected of you on the first day of class. She really cares about her students. Meet with her for office hours so she is familiar with who you are. I wish I could go back in time, I would have taken all of her classes...
621	P	Aviva is a very kind woman who is passionate and extremely knowledgable about all things documentary. She loves to hear from students and is a very easy grader when it comes to papers-- she mostly just wants to see your thoughts.
622	P	Very engaged, kind, and a generous teacher. Willing to meet outside of class hours and discuss current projects. Creative, talented, and overwhelmingly great teacher!!
623	P	Aviva is a fantastic teacher and listener. She's highly engaged with her students and has a GREAT taste in documentary films!! She is very knowledgable about her craft and is a fantastic educator!!
624	P	I've taken two classes with Aviva and have loved both. She is a great person and a great teacher. You will get a lot out of her classes if you are willing to show up, pay attention, and do the work. She does not assign busy work. She wants her students to enjoy the class and to do well. She expects you to put forth your best effort.
625	P	Amazing teacher! Some sort of writing assignment every week, but the amount learned in and out of class is awesome! She has incredible industry and academic experience and her ideas and quotes are inspirational! Eye opening class.
626	N	Aviva is a great teacher. Attendance is mandatory (you're allowed to miss two classes) and you'll have homework almost every week, but there are no tests. Every writing assignment is simply a chance for you to form your own thoughts on the subject. As long as you're invested and bring ideas to the table, you'll do well. Would take again.
627	P	Extremely knowledgeable about the subject and always brought in great guests/films to share with the class. She's always eager to share her thoughts with hopeful filmmakers if you ask to meet with her. The weekly assignments aren't painful, but they can be annoying. All in all, great lady, great class.
628	P	Master class doc. I love Aviva. I'll admit, her personality takes some getting used to, but she's pretty fair. She only asks that you not be late and care about the subject. I did well in her class because I did the work, and it wasn't that hard. I learned a lot too, and she's well connected. Love this class.
629	P	Human Rights in Documentary was a great class. Each class is a film screening and sometimes guest speakers. The assignments are papers, and grading is simple. Aviva doesn't care about mla formatting, she cares more about the things that matter: understanding human rights, being engaged, getting something more out of a class than just a grade.
630	P	I've taken several classes with Aviva and she's amazing. She can be a hard grader at times because she expects a lot but if you love documentaries, you will love her and her classes. I promise. I've never received anything lower than an A- in any of her classes. Only because I did my work and I did it well. She won't let you slide with crap papers.
631	P	I took all three of Aviva's classes and was continually impressed both by the material covered and by Aviva's thoughtfulness. Aviva cares about each student and is always available to help them and listen. She was one of the best professors I had at NYU and I would encourage everyone to take a class from her.
632	N	Disrespects opinions (even her guests, sometimes). Addressed a format issue with my paper (she never spoke to me about) to whole class w/o naming me, but quoted a line from my paper. Emailed question about final paper, called me irresponsible for starting it 2 days before due. Really? It got done, I got an A-, but I will NEVER take her class again
633	P	Prof Slesin is an amazing educator. She cares deeply about her students' ability to think critically about the world, & encourages them to look beyond the docs in class, to find their passion & then question everything. Those that aren't used to independent thinking & prefer the easy path of parroting the prof, will be frustrated in her classes.
634	N	Aviva believes each student will have their own viewpoint and seems to respect that until you get your paper back and her markings tend to only allude to the fact she doesn't agree, therefore, your grade reflects such. Came to discuss with her which she blurted out before I said a word "I'm not discussing your grade. I don't even know why you came
635	P	Amazing professor! One of my favorite at NYU. She took a personal interest in each student!
636	P	Aviva's class taught me to love and appreciate documentaries. Aviva's insight to the films and their construction has helped me immensely as a filmmaker. Her passion for documentaries is contagious.
637	P	I switched into this class immediately after the first day because the professor. She takes documentary making and Human Rights seriously, but her goal is to spark each student's passion/interest. Through the documentary lens was an eye-opening class and I would recommend this class and Professor to all my friends at NYU!You WILL LEARN A LOT!
638	N	She is very unprofessional. Throughout her course she told me that my papers were done well, until the last day of class in which she told me that I couldn't write at a college level and that she would pass me but nothing more. I attended all her classes and actively participated but still managed to be a horrible teacher and person.
639	P	Aviva's strengths are in the love she shows for doc films and the great (high-profile) guests she brings to class. Lots of in-class discussions, and there was a 3 page paper each week on the film screened in class, as well as two 8 page papers. If you're interested in docs, or want to learn more about them, you can't go wrong with Aviva.
640	N	He introduces the class by stating that this will be the most important class in our college curriculum. I honestly think this might be one of the least influential classes and his lectures are not engaging whatsoever. He also hasnt given our midterms back and its been over a month. Hes been saying they will be released in a few days every week
641	P	Class structure is 4-5 essays, ranging from one to two pages and a critical review that is longer. It is advised to attend class because we go over the sources that we will use in our essays. If you listen to what he says, you can use it in your essay. Main sources used were the Bible and the source book. Rabbinic stories book was for context info
642	P	One of the best professors I had at NYU. It is very easy to do well on essays, but his exams are a bit more difficult. For discussion sections definitely choose avi miller if you can and participation is very important. He tries to relate the class to real life experiences and really makes you think about the texts and about life.
643	N	Seems like a great, funny guy and that's nice and all. But the class sucked, his lecture style seemed really rigid and lacked giving the main point of whatever we were talking about. It was clearly a required class that no one wanted to attend and he didn't do a whole lot to change that.
644	P	Awesome teacher, he made lectures extremely interesting. That being said, there is a lot of reading and you should do it all. Attend all lectures and the midterm and final will go smoothly. Seriously go to all lectures. If you do what he tells you then you will get a good grade in the class and learn a lot about the world.
645	P	Rubenstein is by far the greatest professor I've had at NYU. I had him for Jewish Ethics and then again for Texts & Ideas. The topics we discuss are interesting and he makes the material fun and inspiring. His jokes are funny, and class goes by very quickly. DO THE READINGS! Won't do well on tests or in recitation without them.
646	N	Rubenstein was a solid professor. Attendance isnt mandatory and i didnt even read half the texts assigned and still got good grades on tests. make sure you have good notes. he always tries to make people laugh with a corny joke but all in all a decent professor
647	P	Professor Rubenstein makes the concepts he discusses palatable and understandable. It's not that his tests/essays are hard per-se, but he sticks pretty rigidly to the CORE standards of grading, meaning only 10% of students get As, 25% A-s, etc. In my year he curved down so that students had to get a 97 for an A. But if you work hard, should be fine
648	P	Prof Rubenstein is a solid choice for Texts&Ideas. He is sympathetic to the fact many are only taking the course b/c it's required and attempts to make it meaningful to all students. Might not be the best choice if you really enjoy the subject material, because it often feels as if he is "dumbing down" the material in lectures.
649	P	Professor Rubenstein was great for Jewish Ethics. The class is a seminar, so be ready to do a lot of talking. The topics he picked were interesting and he did a great job leading class discussions. He will discuss criteria for papers in class and is easy to email. You will need to buy some textbooks though and you will need to use them
650	P	Professor Rubenstein is great. He is really engaging and makes the topic interesting. I would recommend him over any other Text and Ideas teacher. If you do the reading a participate, you will likely do well.
651	P	Prof Rubenstein was one of my favorites. I absorbed EVERY word from his lectures. Some claimed they fell asleep, but I love reading and analyzing. Also, he threw in some jokes every now and then to liven up the class :)
652	P	This was one of my favorite teachers in Freshman year. He was funny and always prepared with some sort of funny joke or story. The class is not hard and the material is interesting. Pay attention in lectures and participate in recitations.
653	P	Took him for Text and Ideas. Enjoyed the class immensely just because everyday he'd be prepared for a joke and would come into class to try to make everyone happy. Must come to class for all the concepts that will just be duplicated in class. Wonderful teacher, and get Josh Schwartz as your TA if you can.
654	N	To be honest, I wish I hadn't done all the readings. Sure, it might have been intellectually engaging; but any student who was able to rip the notes off of class could ace the class with a sparknotes understanding of the text. Furthermore, this class fully depends on the TAs and what they expect from you. Go to class, take notes, get the concepts.
655	P	I had him for Texts & Ideas. Attendance is mandatory for the recitations. There's a good amount of reading, but he splits it up so you don't have a lot in one night. The lectures cover a lot of material - I missed one and was completely lost the next class. Not terrible to listen to, exams are straightforward.
656	N	I took this class as a Senior. My advice to everyone. #1 Get the class out of the way early. The TA said freshman generally do the best in the class. #2 Dont do the readings. Unfortunately, I read everything, and its not tested. #3 Do not apply your own ideas to responses. He looks for wrote memorization, ie lecture material & handouts.
657	P	Jewish Ethics class thought-provoking and pleasant. Grading especially tough, participation grades can be killers. High expectations, but low workload - so measure every word carefully. Learned a lot, so can't hold the grade against him. Overall, good experience - and very good prof to deal with.
658	P	Classes are actually pretty amusing, and basically hands you the exams ahead of time. But there is way too much reading. This guy thinks that the only way to learn is to read 50 pages a night. I didn't read a single thing, and still got an A.
659	N	Con West was pretty good for a required class (though recitations sucked, mainly because of the people in it...). All you have to do for the tests is write down exactly what he says in lecture (granted I'm a little obsessive compulsive and write down almost everything). Very enlightening.
660	P	Human Societies&Cultures had to be one of the best classes I have taken at NYU. It is an intro course, and the workload is rather heavy but when you commit to doing all the readers and staying engaged during lectures and recs. you will surely love the class and Prof. as well. If I could I would def. take another class with Prof. R. MUSTTAKE!!!!!!!
661	P	Human Societies and Cultures is one of the best courses to take at NYU. Professor Rademacher makes class both fun and engaging at the time; her passion for the subject truly shows through her lectures, which are amazing. Though it can be difficult, and there are lots of rather dense readings, I'd highly recommend taking the class.
662	P	Professor Rademacher's lectures are exceptional and engaging. There is a good amount of reading, but work load is moderate. The class will change your life, if you commit to connecting with the very relevant material. Rademacher's expertise and advice is one of a kind. Relish this chance to learn from a great. You'll get as much as you put in.
663	N	Extremely lecture and reading heavy. Her grading criteria was never made clear and she is definitely a tough grader. I found the readings and her lectures to be so incredibly fascinating even at 9:30am. I felt unable to truly display my knowledge of the material. There is no guidance for the final project with results in majors stress!
664	P	I only had one class with Prof Rademacher but I wish I'd been able to take more before I graduated! She's easily one of the best professors I had at NYU: engaging, intelligent, and actually cares if her students are learning. Don't expect to sit back and not talk, and don't go if you want an easy A. She grades fairly but she has high expectations.
665	N	She grades ridiculously hard and is unfair in my opinion. She does not explain her prompts very well. I would not recommend this professor at all. GPA for sure, and I took her for an elective course
666	P	I've had Professor Rademacher for 2 classes now and have increased my knowledge in metropolitan and environmental studies tremendously. Her classes are intellectually rigorous and will teach you mostly how to think critically rather than what exactly to think. Prepare to be challenged and rewarded.
667	P	Professor Rademacher is an extremely sharp, insightful instructor that challenges her students with rigourous coursework and discussions. Every student should be fortunate enough to have her at least once in their college career.
668	P	I've had Anne for 2 classes now (Env & Soc & Thinking Globally, Acting Locally). She's easily one of the best prof's I've had at NYU. If you're a social theorist, don't miss the opportunity to learn from/with her. She WILL challenge you and she has high expectations, but she is also extremely fair. I wish more profs taught like her.
669	P	The lectures are excellent (some of the best I've heard at NYU) and R. brings interesting experiences and stories. Writing assignments are tough & you have to keep up with readings, but I learned a lot. Great class!
670	P	R. is a great professor! She obviously loves teaching and is really enthusiastic about Urban Studies. There is a lot of reading but it's really interesting. There are only 5 assignments but they're difficult so utilize the amazing TAs and ask for lots of guidance and feedback about the commentaries. If you do all the reading, the final is easy.
671	N	She is very energetic and I can't decide if its cute or annoying; however, she is very knowledgeable, and has had many experiences in the field. Lectures are mandatory, and the best part of the class. Sadly, no computers for notes. The readings are extensive but give you lots to work with for the commentary assignments (5 total) which are BRUTAL!
672	N	The essays are really tough, and the readings are dense. The class, however, was fascinating, even if recitations were often useless. She was an energetic professor, and obviously very knowledgeable. I'm glad I took the class. Must be on time, must attend every lecture!
673	P	There is indeed much text to cover in this class, but for the most part, they're straightforward readings. She does not summarize the readings in lecture, but instead provides us with some background on the topic, which I found helpful for the final (which is a set of essays). Beware of pop quizes (on the readings).
674	N	Too much reading in too little time. The class should really be discussion based but all she does is lecture at us.
675	P	Seems a little unsure of herself at first but after a couple classes she's a great lecturer. She knows her stuff and she's done really interesting work which brings great stories. Readings are interesting and great extra credit opportunities for the final!
676	P	No Comments
677	P	Great professor; Yale grad school; She is probably the most helpful professor you will find. Class was easy as long as you kept up with the reading somewhat.
678	P	great professor. seems a bit boring at first, but becomes much more comfortable, presents interesting material, even humorous. great class
679	P	Very good professors. Help students a lot. Explain things well in the class. Follow closely with the textbook
680	N	Kleeman always has office hours to help students who don't understand material is very kind. His lectures always end early and they do move a bit fast so you may need to read the textbook sometimes. HW worth 40%, midterm 20%, and final 40%. Normally everyone does well on the midterm, but he chooses who gets the A's based off of a very hard final.
681	P	For Calculus III, Professor Kleeman always ends class at least 30 minutes early. Quizzes are easy and WebAssign is tedious. Homework tends to be very tough. The formatting is all over the place -- the quizzes don't look like the midterm, which doesn't look like the WebAssign, which doesn't look like the final. But that's a curriculum choice.
682	P	Professor Kleeman's lectures are mostly straight from the textbook. He explains theorems and proofs followed by one or two examples; his lectures always end early but that does not mean he skips anything. Attendance is a small part of your grade and he is always available during office hours. Quizzes are pretty easy and tests are very reasonable.
683	P	A very charming man. His midterms are very easy. He allows a cheat sheet to exams and you could write anything on them. I never went to lecture and got an easy A. The final is kind of difficult, but because its departmental. The written assignments are slightly difficult, but there very few of them. There are no pop quizzes. Lectures end 45m early
684	N	Mostly organized lectures that almost always end early but are rather boring. Sometimes his examples can be unclear but usually the textbook can help. Allows for a page of notes during the midterm and the final and grades fairly. If you don't show up, make sure to have a friend who will take notes for you or be willing to read the textbook.
685	N	Ends his lectures up to 45minutes early and teaches almost exactly from the textbook. Only few homework assignments and Quizzes. Midterms are fair and he allows a sheet of notes for both. The examples he gives in class are clear but there aren't a lot of them. Attendance is a part of the grade. He is very helpful when you need extra explaining/help
686	N	Professor Kleeman's class was super tough but that seems to just be a characteristic of the NYU math department in general. He definitely knows what he's talking about and is pretty good at communicating that to his students. He always ends lectures early but that doesn't mean that you're missing out on material, he just has it all planned out.
687	P	TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!!! he is amazing and is very clear with his lectures! Learned so much in his class, and keeps you engaged most of the time so it is not hard to pay attention! Also, ALWAYS ends class early which is the best! DEFINITELY TAKE HIM!
688	P	Kleeman is an awesome professor. He understands the material can be tough, and usually grades accordingly. It's also nice that he's super organized, and always has a lecture planned out beforehand.
689	N	Good Professor. Teaches out of the book but pretty clear and helpful in his lectures. If you ask for help he'll give it and he grades pretty fair in my opinion.
690	P	CHILLEST PROFESSOR EVER. lets class out very early most of the time, not a lot of homework. work load is manageable exams are very fair. highly recommend him!!!
691	P	The questions this guy gives for everything are easy as heck! There was one problem that was badly-posed, but he gave us a lot of points on that one. Overall, a great professor, chill, and doesn't assign homework very often (it's easy when he does). He leaves a lot of room for self-study and exploration and ends class early.
692	P	I had him for Linear Algebra. Excellent professor. Presented organized, easily understandable lectures and gave very little homework.
693	N	Charming and ends class early, but the positives stop there. Assigns the most annoying problems for homework which will not save you on his tests anyway. Grades you down for trivial things too. Teaches out of the book, makes no difference if you show for class. Has no syllabus, you will be amazed how hard this guy can make Calculus I.
694	N	I really don't understand why this professor is rated so lowly. He certainly isn't that bad a teacher or that hard of one. I thought he was very fair. While he's not the most helpful teacher, he wasn't terrible either.
695	N	He teaches more or less straight from the book, I really wish I didn't have him for Calc III, I don't feel like I got anything out of it.
696	N	All he does is read straight from the book. Don't bother going to class, it won't help you understand. Homework is 40% of the grade, but VERY difficult. The final is 60% and it is even more difficult. If you have a choice between jumping off the top floor of Bobst, and taking his class, JUMP.
697	N	This man has no interest in teaching, he makes that very clear. He has no interest in helping the students, doesn't give a syllabus or regular homework, and your whole grade is based on one completely unfair test. Avoid like the plague!
698	N	Foley is a teacher that will force the work out of you. If you are not ready to work ie. write, read and write some more. He probably won' be a great choice for you. Also there were many times when I was confused with the criteria but Foley does conferences for each essay and they were extremely helpful. Overall eye-opening experience of my growth
699	P	David is very accessible outside of class and will give you extra hope if you want to It. The homework, although it is more than the Usual, it helps you in the end when you were constructing the essay drafts. Amazing professor
700	P	Okay heres the deal, yes theres homework but it kinda therapeutic to write in a starbucks nearby. Its not even a lot, all the people commenting are slackers. You can easily finish an essay over a weekend without stressing because he gives really good feedback and individual attention. Sometimes class is a bore but hes GREAT!!!! Pls take
701	P	David Foley is a wonderful professor. He gives you good notes on essay drafts that help you develop your ideas more thoroughly. The exercises We do in class are very helpful and they are not just busy, irrelevant work. I have grown so much as a writer in his class. He is amazing. Definitely recommend as a professor.
702	P	-will make you a better writer but you're gonna have to actually try -do all the assignments and hit the requirements for your paper and you'll be fine -participate every now and then -bit of a stickler on attendance but if you reach out about illness he's a bit flexible -Nice, but will give you a bad grade if you don't do the work
703	P	Go in ready to learn, don't feel bad when he tells you don't know as much as you thought (he's right.) The only way to do well is to participate and do all the assignments. No BSing your way through. Very flexible with late assignments & missing class provided you have a good reason and are participating in class. He will challenge you!
704	N	After starting my second semester with a new teacher i realized how much BS work we had to do in his class. The stuff we did in class was for the most part a waste of time. And the homwork can sometimes take FOREVER. I feel like I grew a lot as a thinker, not so much as a writer though.
705	N	Too. Much. Work. This class is taking up a good 3/4 of my weeks work time and is almost irrelevant to what I came to study here. Means well but just stresses and depresses.
706	P	You definitely need to put some effort into this class but he is an amazing teacher and really helpful. He wants you to learn and become a better writer and critic. I learned so much in this class and really recommend him to any student who is serious about their education and their voice in the world. Great teacher!
707	N	Foley is a stereotypical English professor who believes everything he says is incredibly profound and complexly interesting. He is generally known as one of the worst Writing the Essay teachers at NYU. BUT he is a surprisingly forgiving grader. I was stuck with him for both semesters and it was NOT a good time.
708	N	Ok, so David Foley is bae. If you actually make an effort and engage yourself, you will grow so much. You need to give yourself to him if you want him to give anything to you. He's witty and sweet and so clever and I am basically in very deep platonic love with him. I have incredible conversations with him, he's amazing, I can't even. Bae, I swear.
709	N	David Foley is the worst! I was taking his class while struggling with depression and anxiety and he upped that with his confusing advice and inconsiderate attitude. It did not help having him at 8 in the morning, and he talked down to his students. He was not very helpful and contradictory. He made us hate an already notorious class even more!
710	N	He's well meant, but doesn't teach that well, instead trying to focus on developing the student's thinking. This doesn't work because he overloads the amount of work that he assigns, which doesn't work well if you're trying to develop your writing. Instead you just end up spitting out irrelevant exercises and then failing up your final papers.
711	N	This guy is super into his own intellectualism. Every single thing that came out of his mouth was vague; nothing in this class made any sense whatsoever. He's very particular about little details that don't matter; for instance he refused to accept an essay because I didn't use the right kind of folder. DO NOT take his class.
712	N	So...he is actually a kind and caring guy. He's pretty flexible, but don't push it. He is SO CONFUSING! My exercises didn't help me get to my final essay. The in class prompts were not helpful. He always asks "what are the implications of this?" and I feel I did not grow as a writer in his class. Everyone pretty much gets some sort of B.
713	P	Very good class, loved it. Any professor who will quote DFW on syllabus gets an automatically great rating.
714	N	the worst prof ever.... dosent help at all... only attacks your ideas... he dosent even tell you what is wrong... DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS every one hates it
715	N	Did not answer questions and was very vague if he did answer anything. Pretty much gave everyone a B
716	P	He was a great teacher. He was challenging yet always there to help.
717	N	He's a cute old man that walks into class in a matching suit, old English hat, and cane. But because he's old, very traditional, and gives boring lectures. He cannot hear or see well-yelling at him works. He d/n seem to comprehend students' questions and does not give answers. It's an easy class, but don't take him bc I didn't learn at all.
718	N	This class is an easy A as long as you're willing come to class & do absolutely nothing. Be nice and smile. He's very old and sits at the front of the room just talking. I never read, was on fb everyday & got an A. There are 3 papers, a midterm and final. Take notes for one class on each book so you have something to write on the paper.
719	N	One word: OLD. Although I'm sure he can teach the material, I feel as though his age poses a major problem when it comes to his students learning to appreciate the material. His assignments are decent, however his grading can be a bit strange. I managed a B but that's only because I learned how to study myself. Honestly,just take another professsor
720	P	such a boss. he's the most boss old man i've ever met. take him. he's so cool. if you ask him he'll tell you war stories from the past and then do a really funny impression of Nicholas Cage.
721	N	Professor Bell was probably a great professor at some point, but now he's much too old and ill to teach effectively. He assigns huge portions of readings each class, but goes over each after. 3 papers, a mid-term, and a final - fairly easy grader if you just reiterate some "points" made in his lectures.
722	N	i've studied this type of material for years and was really looking forward to it -- BUT-- as knowledgeable as he was, this class really put me to sleep. I almost never read anything beyond for papers and I walked away with an A-. you never knew why you got your grade but I suppose my attendance and latter papers/final helped to get above B+
723	N	Professor Bell is a great guy. Yes he is boring. Yes I fall asleep in class all the time. But he goes over the material so although he does assign a lot of reading, you don't have to do anything. The charges that he will mark you down for disagreeing with him is flat wrong. I do it all the time and the lowest grade on any essay was a B+. Easy class
724	N	He's a nice guy and all, but he's not clear at all. He'll ask for your interpretation and then downgrade you because your interpretation is wrong according to his views. He rambles on and you fall asleep. Lectues are so boring. Essays and midterms are based on what he says during class. Can't catch what he says? Good Luck. FInals are easy, own ?s.
725	P	amazing teacher. keeps you on your feet. reading is interesting..the type of class to take if you love to learn. very kind hearting and understanding man. i highly recommend this class
726	P	LOVE HIM
727	P	Very funny. nice and encouraging. you can get by without reading because he goes over them.
728	P	I love this professor. He evokes insights out of the student and the class is easy as hell. All you have to do is read and go to class. When he assigns papers, just reiterate what he already said in class and he will give you an A. He is a funny old man.
729	N	Karmen. Professa. Karmen. Professa. Karrrrrrrmen.
730	N	Bell's grading can be very unfair, he never explains how he grades. He NEVER gives clear guidelines on assignments and on exams, we never know what he expects. He never admits he does not know the answer to questions, he just ****s and no one know what he talks about. NEVER TAKE HIS CLASS, a lot of people get B- or C!
731	N	he's really into the subject and i like it when he goes off into historical tangents because they're very interesting. the only thing is that the book are interesting, but he talks A LOT about their socio-political background and they're the same for a lot of the books. it got really repetitive.
732	N	The class is quite tough and he expects a lot from his students, but you do learn a lot. Also, his writing assignments are not really clear, which can be frustrating. Overall, you get out of the class what you put into it.
733	P	A great teacher. He pushed all his students to think without being pretentious or condescending. I got a lot out of his class and would recommend his class to anyone.
734	N	nice older guy. learned a lot, makes ya think.
735	P	I was uncertain about taking an anthropology class at first, but I ended up loving it. There are a lot of readings, but few are dry or annoying to get through. While the paper prompts can be vague, summarizing the relevant aspects of readings got me an A every time. Professor Schieffelin is great to talk to and her knowledge is impressive
736	N	Prof. Schieffelin is an extremely harsh grader. I tried everything to make her happy but still did not receive a grade that I worked hard for. There is no clear criteria for her papers so beware she will not be specific about what she ultimately is looking for. Class is interesting;however, there is no room for individual creativity.
737	N	I've been bamboozled. This isn't a language class, if you sign up for it thinking it will be, think again.
738	P	Bambi is by far my favorite professor I've had at NYU. Although she expects a lot from her students (both amount and difficulty of reading but also paper wise) her criticism/feedback is beyond helpful for developing your writing skills not only for her class but also in the fields of anthropology and sociolinguistics as a whole.
739	P	Took this as a seminar last semester and I will say there are highs and lows. The class is long, about 2.5 hours but only once a week. Bambi is an amazing teacher,the material is great and overall the class is really rewarding. However, her assignments are incredibly vague so I suggest meeting with her at least once to get a feel of what she wants.
740	N	Her class is an easy A as long as you skim the readings and are a decent writer. She assigns a lot of essays, but most of them are just summaries of the reading materials and therefore simple to complete. She'll email you to ask where you were if you miss class, so you have to attend. Overall she is fairly strict but I enjoyed her class.
741	N	As someone here already mentioned, the class is more focused on anthropology than linguistics, but we do have 'language' components sometimes. The readings are REALLY long and you have to do mandatory (but not graded) study questions for them each week. The assignments and grading are really vague. But if you do the work then you should be fine.
742	N	Passionate about class material, but extremely ambiguous when it comes to assignment directions and grades harshly when you don't guess what she was looking for. Workload is extremely dense, with 6-8 page essays each week in addition to 100+ pages of reading AND study questions. Unless you're ready to devote the semester to anthropology, AVOID.
743	N	She is an alright professor. If you think her class is about language, think again. More of an anthropology course. Assigns a ridiculous amount of reading each week and assigns work that is checked but not graded so you're basically up all night to get it done for nothing. If you want to have a life don't take this class.
744	P	You will never have free time. 6-8 page paper due the second week of class (and the fifth, and sixth, etc...), 150-200 page readings every week, class is 2.5 hours. Also, don't be fooled by the course nameit is not a language or linguistics course; it is an anthropology course. Intense course for a first-semester freshman.
745	N	She is one of the nicest and most helpful professors. The only drawback is that she assigns so much work. If you wanna have a life, don't take her class or never finish the work.
746	N	The worst teacher I've had at NYU. Not clear about the assignments and does not encourage original thought in the assignments, only summaries of the text. she's very nice as a person but she is not an engaging teacher and the readings are awful. This class is a complete waste of money and time, I am so bummed I didn't switch out immediately.
747	P	The course was great, laid back yet well instructed. Bambi is truly cool, reasonable, helpful and dedicated to her study. She'll make you love language and inspire you to learn more. Fair grader. The TA, Chantal White was great. They were an awesome team.
748	P	Bambi is the love of my life. She is seriously the best professor/teacher I have ever encountered. Her classes are challenging but she is definitely there to help everyone. She is understanding, fun, and pretty much the coolest educator on this planet. Take this class... you def. won't regret it!
749	P	Bambi is wonderful. Her classes are interesting and she is very laid back, and has a ton of experience. There is a lot of work, but it isn't that bad, and if you do the readings and study questions, the papers will be super easy. All in all, this class is the most work, but it's my favorite and I am doing better than in any other class. Great prof!
750	P	I love Bambi. The workload for her class is pretty big, but she's very lenient and understanding about late assignments, and she will always take homework assignments by e-mail or after the due date as long as you're honest about it. She is a great professor - she really knows what she's talking about, and she really cares about her students.
751	P	Be prepared to do a ridiculous amount of work. She's very nice, but doesn't care if your swamped or have tons of homework every class. You will spend all your free time doing her work.
752	P	I've had Bambi twice; she's always been caring and lenient. Classes are fun, never stuffy. I've never had a midterm or final with her, but be prepared to do quite a bit of reading and writing. Nevertheless, if you're interested in taking linguistic anthro, I reccomend her over anyone else.
753	P	Todd is a really interesting professor. An all star at the top of the world. I honestly sit in awe watching this legend at work. But, half the time some of the stuff he says is very hard to follow. Youll either really love him or struggle in the class. His grading criteria is not clear at all and when hes made up his mind, thats it. So be good.
754	N	Not a very easy class in my opinion. For a Life sciences requirement, pretty in depth. Raw class averages on exams are in the mid 60's range, and the questions are really specific. No words on slides. 10 pop quizzes throughout term.
755	P	Took this for CAS life science requirement - good choice if you're not great at science. Material can be boring at times, but it's relevant, and exams are fairly easy and labs provide a great opportunity to raise your grade. Disotell also frequently tells funny anecdotes which relate to the material.
756	P	He is really awesome! I really like his lectures and style of teaching, but if you are not super interested in Anthropology don't take his class. Anthropology is NOT a blow off science class, its actually pretty tough. His tests are all "short answer, medium answer, and long answer" as he puts it, and you must know the material inside and out.
757	P	Great professor, really enjoyed the class. Definitely geared for students who are interested in being anthropology majors. Midterm was difficult, definitely suggest studying hard for his tests. Otherwise, classes are interesting and you learn a lot! Highly recommend his class to any anthro major!
758	N	He is really intelligent and knows his stuff. However, he is not a FAIR grader. His grading system is ambiguous and if you care about your grade, avoid his class.
759	P	Took Human Evolution, Emerging Diseases, Human Variation AND hope to take any of his graduate courses I can get into next semester. He is HANDS DOWN the best professor I've had at NYU.
760	P	Loved him! So funny, intelligent, interesting! He plays The Daily Show clips in class and he's just a great guy! Anyone and everyone should take a class with him.
761	P	I loved Professor Disotell's class. I had him for Human Evolution, and it was my favorite class the semester I took it. He's really funny, and the lectures were entertaining. The exams were a bit hard, but if you pay attention during the review, and you study enough they're fine.
762	N	Disotell is about as good as it could get in a Nat Sci class. He's entertaing sometimes and seems real nice. Midterm comes out of nowhere...lectures are difficult to get through. Overall, too in depth for a MAP class. If you don't have a real interest in the topic, I'd say take a different Nat Sci class. But this one isn't awful if you take it.
763	P	Disotell is amazing. I think he is absolutely the best. His lectures are soo clear and so well structured. He knows exactly what he's saying and how to explain it well. I heard good things about Harrison and was upset that I had to take Disotell, but I'm so glad I'm in Disotell's section. I'm so excited I'm taking his class next semester.
764	P	Definitely the coolest professor i've ever had. A fun guy and makes lectures interesting. Explanations are usually very clear. He also has a mohawk great taste in music. Can be taken as a Natural Science II requirement for GSP, and although it's a CAS class it's not that hard. The labs involve a little bit of work, but are still worth it.
765	P	He's not a bad professor. In fact, he's pretty good. He does tend to oversimplify things, but he is very amusing to listen to, and seemed to genuinely want to help those who cared at all about the subject. But yeah, you really didn't have to come to class, which was quite wonderful.
766	P	Very informative and creative slideshow presentations. Really dense reading. Can be rather dry and boring at times. Awesome mohawk and monkey shirts.
767	P	he is such a brilliant teacher..maybe one of the best professors i have had. His lectures are very clear and informative. The only thing is that the tests are very difficult since the questions are all short answers. ( no MC) so basically u have to memorize(?) the whole book! Overall, i recommend this professor!!
768	P	this is the best lecture class i've ever taken - funny, well-designed, interesting. disotell wants to see everyone do well, and he succeeds in simplifying very complicated information without making it dry and irrelevant. he made mitosis interesting. he can do anything. plus he has a mohawk.
769	P	I hated biology before I took this class. Now I only hate parts of it. I lovingly dubbed it 'Monkeys and Cavemen'. He is an engaging professor who really knows his stuff. And he likes the Simpsons. And he felt approachable. Did I mention he likes the Simpsons (even if he quotes in incorrectly.) Yes.
770	P	Take any class w/ this Prof. He is brilliant, no nonsense and is an outstanding source of scientific/ current events information.
771	P	Elaine was honestly one of the best professors I've ever had. Her class was structured so that there was a small amount of work due every class and attendance was enforced, but no one wanted to miss her class because it was so fun and enlightening. She's brilliant, and cares about her students more than any bureaucratic NYU nonsense.
772	N	Horrible teacher. I don't know how she can call herself an educator. Most people in the major who have taken her courses come out angry, confused, and not having learned anything. There are many other professors at NYU who are intelligent and care about students. If you're thinking of taking her class on some mistaken notion, reconsider.
773	P	One of my favorite professors at NYU. Great sense of humor, down to earth, and comes up with interesting/fun topics for papers. Had her for BritLit2 and she was able to make a survey course enjoyable. Would definitely take a class with her again. Freedgood doesn't put up with disrespectful or lazy students. Don't expect to sleep through lecture.
774	P	Not a class you can slack off in. She does have a temper sometimes and I agree that once you get on her bad time it's hard to get off it. Just don't get on her bad side in the first place: do the work, go to class, say something interesting every now and then. She has a great sense of humor and a fascinating mind, even if it's hard to follow.
775	P	Second class with her. Hilarious. Brilliant. Love this woman. She seems strict and intimidating, but in fact she is understanding if you talk to her. Her paper assignments are difficult, but like someone has already said, she is looking for originality. Depending on the topic she frequently doesn't care if you even come to a conclusion. Take her!
776	P	Her class is difficult and her assignments are vague, but it is worth it. She is incredibly smart and witty and her class can be a lot of fun. She is intimidating, but easy to communicate with about problems you may be having in class. Everyone else is freaking out about the assignments too, but do the work, be original, and you can get an A.
777	N	HORRIBLE PROFESSOR. she is unbelievably rude, has absolutely no compassion for her students, and is insulting to almost everyone who dare raise their hand in her class, making the whole "learning" thing not very possible. Please don't take this professor she ruined my senior year.
778	N	Freedgood started out as funny and interesting, but God forbid you're not an English major. She has no patience for people on a learning curve. Vague about assignments yet highly specific in what she is looking for. When I asked for help on my final paper she claimed she didn't get it and shoved it back in my face. :(
779	N	what a disappointment. this grad english course quickly devolved into a power trip with the professor continually criticizing everyone in class. her assignments were vague and yet incredibly inflexible. she also submitted grades before final papers were handed in and then refused to change them- ethically very questionable. stay away!
780	N	She is vicious once you are on her bad side. Beware. I missed a meeting with her without canceling due to illness and she refused to accept my second and final paper and filed my grade as NC. I've never met a teacher who graded with such emphasis on subjective qualities such as how much she likes you.
781	N	Terrible professor. what a disaster... her class began easy and then quickly devolved into pseudo intellectual absurdity. her standards are very ambiguous. Purportedly a class on realism and the realistic, it was in fact about queer theory and marxist literary theory. I hate her
782	N	for 19th century english novel, she really knew what she was doing - it was the best class i've taken so far! she does have a dry sense of humor and her comments on papers can be tough but she's always open to input on subjects in class
783	N	inaccessible, caustic, rude, and over dramatic. once told me that i didn't deserve to come to her office hours to discuss my final because i forgot to bring my book to class that day. extremely unprofessional. assignments are ambiguous and disorganized, and she is either vague or insulting when asked for clarification.
784	P	Great teacher, great motivator. Extremely witty.
785	N	Freedgood doesn't really know how to teach it. She's rude, caustic, sarcastic and insulting in class, and doesn't teach you to remedy the problems you have that she will harshly put you down about. Taking her class was generally very upsetting, not only for the grades, but the kind of things she tended to say to us in class. I highly recommend pick
786	P	Dont usually post but had to respond to the other review. Elaine is an excellent teacher, not the most organized, but definitely worthwhile.
787	N	Awful teacher. She hadn't the faintest idea what she was talking about! Didn't know what she needed to know about the subject of her course in order to actually TEACH it to her students. In short: poorly organized, ill-educated. A waste of time and a waste of (a lot!) of money.
788	P	Guillory is an interesting professor; he definitely knows his stuff, but sometimes his lectures tend to be dense and not conducive to participation in class. He puts a big focus on historical context over literary analysis. Your TA determines a lot. Go to his office hours at least once--he purportedly likes Game of Thrones!
789	P	What an amazing professor! I would take Guillory again and again if I could. He's witty, clear in his expectations, and so so smart. One of the best English professors NYU has to offer
790	N	Professor Guillory is a nice person, but his lecture style is too circuitous for my taste. His constant tangents get tiresome after a while, and it is difficult to take notes when successive points don't match up with each other. His TAs also grade VERY harshly; you need to be a stellar writer if you want to do well. Good luck!
791	P	Guillory is one of the best lecturers you will encounter at NYU, period. Every lecture is captivating, sort of like an essay with a really brilliant and unique thesis, wonderfully articulate, a real joy to attend his lecture. There is lots of reading and the class is by no means an easy-A, but if you commit to the class you'll be fine.
792	P	Guillory is kind and funny; His lectures and syllabus are engaging and organized. Although I didn't study hard for this class(and I feel bad for it) I have lots of respect for this professor
793	P	Everyone has their "you need to go to NYU for this professor" professor. Guillory is mine. He is one of the few people who listens to understand, then speaks gently and helpfully. If you are looking for the best professor to teach you about literally anything, just take one class with him. You'll be all the better person for doing it.
794	P	John David Guillory is a true gem. He's the kind of dude who you want to be friends with after the class is over. He is the epitome of the word "bro." The course itself was really easy and he's a fair grader. His accessibility for feedback is admirable, as is his passion for literature. Take this guy! You will not regret it.
795	P	Professor Guillory is very smart. His lectures are interesting and engaging, but he does speak in a monotone. His tests are all straightforward (if you go to lecture and study the major texts for each author, you'll be fine).
796	P	Just the sweetest man. His lectures were so engaging, very organized and cohesive. Used the proper amount of history and anecdotes to keep the literature interesting. Very clear, very kind, very helpful. IDEAL for a survey course - makes the cannon way cooler than it actually is. Readings can be very dry, but he explains why they're actually great.
797	P	I am in love with this man. A regular britlit heart-throb. If you go to lecture and do the reading (not a tough work load), you will do fine in the course. Just keep in mind you will cry when it's over. I could listen to Guillory recite John Donne to me forever.
798	P	I have to admit it took me a while to appreciate him, but he's ace! Incredibly good lectures, and always packed full of information, despite meandering a bit. I hope to get him as an advisor in the department!
799	P	I wanted so badly to ask him out; he's so cute and awkward, but intelligent and charming as hell. His lectures are freaking brilliant: such original theses that make each lecture an artful essay, an idiosyncratic product of his genius, whether it be the concept of scopophilia, wandering, or sexual ambiguity. So interesting; always left satisfied.
800	P	Shakespeare didn't know all this stuff about his plays. This man is dynamite. I sure wish he would write more books since I could never get enough of his lectures.
801	P	Spellbinding lectures, eye-opening, brilliant and wish he had taught more undergrad courses so I could learn more about the great works of the English language and more critically, how they came to be so. Encouraged original thinking, passion contagious. Don't miss any chance to take his courses!!!
802	N	BritLit I -- I was interested in the course before taking it, I love the topics covered, but his lectures were incredibly boring. Everything he says, he repeats five times, and it was usually obvious to start with. It's impossible to stay awake...and he speaks in a monotone. Maybe he's okay in smaller classes, but he's unbelievably repetitive.
803	P	Incredible, engaging lecturer, never a dull moment. Very approachable and open to questions as well as alternate readings of material.
804	P	Teaches rarely, but without a doubt the most comprehensive, engaging and often thrilling overview provided by an undergraduate survey. Guillory's lecture's are sharp, incisive, and never long enough. Absolutely do not fail to seize any chance to hear him speak. [a humble superstar]
805	P	Amazing professor! Very caring and teaches you everything you need to know to nail a job! Her class should be required for every student!
806	P	Professor White is the sweetest. She's just a good person, let alone an extremely helpful lecturer. I went into this class knowing most of the materials that she covered, but I still learned so much, like how I should present myself in a professional setting. She gives amazing feedback, and is just so understanding and caring
807	P	She boosts your GPA, teaches how to increase the probability to get hired, and, most importantly, teaches you how to love your professor. Just Take Her. She is one of most beautiful, smartest, and caring professors in my whole life!
808	P	This is a very easy and very helpful class. She gives really good, clear advice and backs up her claims with good logic. Sometimes she is very late on giving feedback, but when she gets there, it's helpful.
809	P	Professor White has been nothing but wonderful! Taking interviewing strategies has been one of the best decisions Ive made! Professor White takes the time to sit down with each student and go over their resume, cover letter, and give feedback on their mock interviews. I highly recommend the class to anyone looking to prepare for life after college
810	P	Great professor! Great help on my resume, cover letter and thank you note. You will get an A if you do what she asks you to do.
811	P	I wish more professors would follow the way she teaches class bc she cares about students&gives portfolio w/ your work & feedback. She is dedicated and is clear on what she expects from everyone. For a two credit course I feel like it is a lot of work but in the end these are documents that you will eventually need to write when looking for a job
812	P	She is the nicest teacher ever! Getting an A in this class is easy and you actually learn the necessary skills you will need for a job interview.
813	P	Really was the most useful class I've ever taken. The class isn't necessarily easy, instead everything that is required is laid out and explained. Follow instructions and you'll do well. Highly recommended professor.
814	P	Professor White is excellent. The knowledge I've gained from this class is invaluable and I recommend everyone take it if they can. Specifically, Professor White's instruction is consistent and clear, and she's incredibly encouraging and easy to approach, even after your semester with her has ended.
815	P	I can't recommend her and this class enough. You learn so much and she is so organized and thoughtful that she sends you documents after class with recaps so you have this info FORVER! I now have a folder full of amazing career advice, that honestly I couldn't find anywhere else. She should write a book!
816	P	By far the most useful course I took at NYU. I started the course with a different professor who rubbed me the wrong way so I switched in Prof White's class and she is just the loveliest most thoughtful professor I have ever had. She gives you so much attention, I often wondered how she did it! I recommend this class to everyone at NYU.
817	P	Karen White is the best. Her class will actually help you get a job. It was the most practical/applicable (to the professional world) class that I took while I was at NYU. She helped me so much. I had zero professional experience and I landed an awesome job three months after graduation. I would not have gotten it without Prof White's guidance.
818	P	Prof White is an amazing professor, who truly cares for the success of her students. Even after finishing the class, I come to her for advice and she always makes herself available to advise me about what steps I can take in the interview process and also to edit documents that I send out to future employers. The tips I've learned have been crucial
819	P	She's kind of useless in terms of materials, but I took the class for an easy A and I got it. She's an extremely easy grader and always hands out extra credit. However, I wouldn't recommend her if you want to actually learn how to interview.
820	P	She is amazing! Even in a big class she gives you really personalized help and the course is so incredibly practical! I took it thinking it would just be an easy A (and it was easy to get a good grade) but I was overwhelmed with how helpful and practical the course is. She's thoughtful and funny and really willing to help you outside of class.
821	P	Extremely helpful and kind; willing to help you out on everything, including resume, cover letter, thank you letter, recommendations, interviewing and anything else you can think of!
822	N	Great guy, pretty helpful. Tippit has a background in philosophy, and really appreciates it if you take the material seriously and put thought into your work. If you take history of economic thought, try to be engaged in the class.
823	P	He is a good teacher. He knows what he is doing and explains everything as long as you doing the work, you will be fine. 100% you will learn something new. If you interested in the subject he is the kind of teacher to take.
824	P	His voice is very small, but if you sit in the front you can hear him clearly. He tries to make jokes and is very helpful and patient. Some of his test questions are too hard but he curves generously. Overall Professor Tippit is one of the best Econ teachers I have had.
825	N	Very monotone. 60% of your grade depends on problem sets. Depending on the course grader that semester you may or may not be happy. Exams were difficult "gave you" the exam beforehand and then completely changed it. HW is key to passing You can get by without going to class. Pop Quizzes are always on the due date of problem set. Take for easy grade
826	N	Tippit is very monotone and his voices tends to fade out at the end of his sentences when he is stating the most important thing in his slides. He uses power points so he lists points but elaborates on them. If you can keep yourself awake, then take him. He's not so bad.
827	N	Took labor with him, he knows he's boring and tries but its a technical class that's expected. His homework assignments were pretty difficult, but they are worth spending time on. Use his lecture slides as a guide, if you're good with that, you pretty much have an A. He doesnot care too much about his students, but the class itself i would def reco
828	N	I took Prof Tippit for IO and Labor Econ this past semester, and, although I attended each and every class in hopes of getting as much extra credit points (through pop quizzes) as possible, they were really boring. Bring a laptop. Homeworks aren't too tough. Know the topics he tells you to know for the finals and you'll be fine.
829	N	Good teacher, very nice and clear
830	P	He's a great professor. He knows what he does and cares about his students. The subject is boring. You have to keep youself busy by taking good notes or doing something else in order to stay awake
831	N	had tippit for labor economics. Overall, he is a fair grader. lectures are not mandatory but he gives pop quizzes once in a while that count towards extra credit. One bad thing about Tippit is that he is rather monotone. It's kind of hard to keep focused in class but I think he is a good professor.
832	N	He does not curve the grades which makes it really tough to get an A. Tests were confusing and the final exam was a group take-home exam.
833	N	I liked the prof :) I don't really remember what I learned during both lectures(Labor & Public) - I probably slept or surfed on internet, but I thought the grades were pretty fair. Labor was very easy, but Public's exams were hard and unclear. Overall, I think I learned something from the class as we had to really know the stuffs to do homeworks.
834	P	Had him for Labor and Public Econ. Overall both classes were pretty good and informative. He goes by the book for the most part and as long as you read the assignments and attend lectures you should be fine. Unless you're interested in the subject matter, you'd find these classes boring no matter who teaches them.
835	P	Awesome professor, really cares about his students and takes the time to learn their names. Though the lectures are kind of dry since he goes straight from the book, it's kind of unavoidable and he definitely admits it. He tries to make class interesting and is very helpful during office hours.
836	P	Good teacher. The final exam was pretty hard but he gave a lot of opportunity beforehand to work and rack up points. It was up to you.
837	N	One of the worst teachers in NYU. Tricked us all into thinking he was using a joke of a grading system and then failed everyone on their final exam and paper. Noone complained how bad a teacher he was cause we all thought we were getting A's anyway but assignments and test were ext difficult. Very difficult, very unclear, and very boring.
838	P	I've had Helen twice for two different theatre studies classes and she is hilarious and a really great teacher. She engages with her students and takes their thoughts seriously. She firmly believes in reading all the assigned reading above anything else, and the final will often require you to have read all the readings.
839	P	Helen is incredible! She's engaging in class and really cares about the subject/ theater. She's also really fun, one of our assignments was to write and perform a play. She's also super accommodating if you reach out and put in effort. I had a really rough semester, and worked with her to delay the final exam and finish the semester off well.
840	P	Helen is amazing. She's funny and smart and a great professor to take to warm you up to university life. I learned so much in this class! She does go on the occasional tangent, but don't tune them out because there is valuable information in there!
841	P	Helen is literally one of the greatest teachers I've had. Though she does give A LOT of readings, she is an AMAZING teacher. Very passionate and thorough about her work and also, conducts tons of class discussions so you won't ever be stuck out if you miss. If you miss, be careful because she does cover a lot in class. Also, SHE IS SOOO FUNNY.
842	P	I took Helen as a freshman for ITS in the fall and she's possibly one of my favorite women in existence. She's hilarious and made the 8AM lively. She's so knowledgeable in her subject and isn't afraid to talk about issues in the outside theatre world. The readings can be long and she WILL give pop quizzes, but her grading isn't actually too harsh.
843	P	I have Helen Shaw for my freshman ITS class and she is absolutely amazing. Her lectures are always so interesting and her jokes make the class super enjoyable. The reading is a bit killer and the quizzes can be a bit daunting. But once you get through that, Helen Shaw is absolutely a delight. I love her!
844	P	best professor ever
845	N	Massive time wasted on tortured jokes. When considering the amount laid out for NYU BFA students, the return should be quality and education above the basic level.
846	N	I was greatly disappointed. Too many self-adoring jokes at the expense of coverage of the material. I learned very little and had to re-live high school. A kind of desperate feeling in her routine. Low on rigor.
847	P	She is a truly hilarious and wonderful and brilliant human being (who also happens to look a little like Emma Stone). She's opened me up to a lot of aspects of US theatre and drama that I hadn't considered before. Her class is a joy to attend just to get her insights into what theatre should be, as well as all her HILARIOUS asides. Def recommend
848	P	One of the best teachers that I have had at NYU. From the first day of class you will just want to be her friend... Funny, intelligent, and really cares about her students as well as theater. If you do not get to take a class with her while at NYU... you are missing out.
849	P	Helen Shaw is one of the sweetest professors. She is also very funny, you will def want to be her friend. Very knowledgable of her subjects. Loved her class!
850	P	I promise you that within a few weeks, you will want to be Helen's best friend. She is so hysterical. LOTS of reading, but it's the kind of thing you can Wikipedia. She makes the class really interesting, and that's great considering it's not the greatest subject. DEFINITELY the best ITS teacher. But sign up for her AS SOON AS IT OPENS. Seriously.
851	P	I. Love. Helen. Shaw. It's really the best option for ITS teachers. The readings she assigns can be long sometimes but seriously I personally wanted to do every night's homework. The readings aren't typical, they're weird and her lectures are hilarious. I'm dying in her class because it's so hilarious. TAKE HELEN SHAW.
852	P	A wonderful teacher! She gives a lot of reading that for the most part you don't have to do, but totally worth it. Any freshman is lucky to have Helen for ITS.
853	P	Oh my gosh. If you are taking ITS as a freshman, PLEASE get Helen. This year was her first year teaching this course, but she actually made it so fun. She is literally the funniest woman I have ever met, and we are all constantly laughing in her class. Lots of work, but honestly, it's fine. The fact that she is so awesome makes it not matter. :)
854	N	He's a curmudgeon in the best way. So knowledgeable and if you're outspoken and bright, he'll love you. He's been around the block and has a lot to teach. My favorite professor thus far.
855	P	Prof. Serrin is not only a great educator, he's a great person.
856	P	Not sure what other rater's criticism is all about..took Serrin for Poverty Politics and Immigration capstone..intimidating only at first. Serrin is a character - hilarious, kind, no bs man who has seen the world an written about it (for the Times mind you). Take him. One of the few I plan on visiting..unless he's in Montana :)
857	N	Serrin is half senile, idisrespectful, and completely incompetent. If you want to express your opinion his answer is: "I'm the professor, don't argue with me!". He doesn't remember what he said last class, and very often contradicts himself in an absurd way. Generally, he is a disgrace to himself and to NYU, and should have retired a long time ago.
858	P	The absolute best. Funny, kind, engaging. Take the class if you can. We had class at his apartment twice, and went to Spamalot. He took us out to dinner in small groups. Plus he knows his stuff and the class was very interesting. Nobody understands his grading, but that's okay. Most definitely take this class if you can.
859	P	Prof. Serrin is the best. I turn to him for advice constantly. His past students have come back to talk to the class and are all doing amazing things in journalism.
860	N	He is so horrible, disrespecting other people's cultures. Always intimidating students, and grade our assignment according to his mood. He needs to learn how to respect others before he teaches in NYU. BTW, I'm glad that he will retire soon, for the sake of NYU journalism department!
861	N	How come a well-respected journalist like you could protect professors who illegitimately forbade a student to write about Iraq, Palestine, Israel,Vietnam and withheld grade of an exclusive story about conversation between a Vietnamese journalist and Henry Kissinger? I'm extremely disappointed. Don't hide, pls. All is under the light of conscience.
862	N	How did Craig Wolff make you refuse to hear my account about him withhelding my grades illegitimately to force me to take his next class? What did you tell Mary Quigley about my protest against Wolff's quid pro quo harassment so she created a hostile academic environment against me? Good journalist don't protect harasser and discriminator!
863	P	By far the best teacher and best class I have ever taken. Serrin is a dream teacher. Fun projects, interesting subject material, plus he totally runs the class based on the needs of the students. On top of everything, he is HILARIOUS and laid back. Do not miss the chance to have Serrin as a teacher!
864	P	Professor Serrin is MAGICAL. He makes the materiel somehow very accessible and interesting and yet still challenging. And this is essentially an American History course that counts as a science. The man is so knowledgble and funny and interesting. And he WROTE the textbook. So he knows what he's doing.
865	P	Nobody should go through the NYU journalism program without taking professor Serrin. He's the best of what they have to offer. Period.
866	P	One of the best professors I have ever had at NYU. Serrin is so nice and laid-back. He even moved class to Ben and Jerry's for free cone day.
867	P	Probably the best professor I had at NYU. I took two of his classes and visited him in his office frequently for advice. So kind and so helpful, and very accessible unlike a lot of professors here.
868	P	The best instructor that I have ever had at any level.
869	P	Had her for both HAP and Maternity. She is fair, has high standards, and is a very good professor. Quite a few people have issues with her, but I think their disapproval stems from their poor performance on her exams. In both courses you had to read the book to do well, which she stated multiple times. Fair exams, fair grader, quality professor.
870	N	Professor Jackson is clear about what she expects from her students but she seemed to have lost touch. She is unwilling to listen to ideas and change; complete brick wall and hard to approach. It was not an enjoyable experience at all.
871	P	Prof NJ does talk a lot about he family stories but they are tied in with what she is teaching. If you come to class and pay attention and take notes then you will learn a lot. She always find good pictures to describe the topic she is talking about. So pay close attention the you will do fine!
872	P	One of the best teachers I have every had. Yes she has high expectations and too many of NYUs' nursing students think they pay high tuition and expect to be spoon-fed and told what is on the test! She expects students to study and is always available to those who want to put in the effort for the grade.
873	N	Had NVJ for Maternity (B) & Health Assessment (A-) and if you work hard then you get the grade that you deserve. Very generous with the project grade to help you pass, exams are hard for Maternity, lab quizzes are straight out of the textbook & unapproachable outside of class. If you're lazy then you'll definitely fail her class!
874	N	Jackson DOES NOT CARE ABOUT STUDENTS. She doesnt tell you what to study, and wants you to read the whole book, and tests are HARD, very specific, and inclass its all about her family.
875	N	Seems nice in class but MEAN and doesn't care about students if you talk to her one-on-one. Her classes aren't helpful and just her telling stories, but she takes attendance. Reading the text is a MUST because that's all the tests are on. Good luck!
876	N	one of the worst professors I've ever had. mean, hard, and doesn't care about anyone. I don't know why she hasn't been fired yet because no one likes her. maternity should NOT have been that hard, especially since her lectures are based around her stories.
877	N	She's mean and very unfriendly. She doesnt smile or display any motherly like qualities. Her tests for maternity are so hard, and unfair.
878	P	i've had health assessment and maternity w/ professor jackson. she is one of the best professors in the nursing department. she is humorous, clear, and very passionate about what she does. i love her!
879	P	Don't expect too many smiles from her. She is very hard, knows her stuff, but is fair. She definitely will fail you if she must, even if you are a tenth of a point from passing her class. I got through it by definitely putting in the time and effort. Don't let a bad grade on her exams scare you, there is room with lab grades and papers she assigns.
880	N	She is not the nicest professor and she likes to tell a lot of stories about herself as a mom and her own kids. She does not get to the pt during lecture time and come the exam she gets very specific. Not a good professor!!! Avoid her classes if you can!!!!
881	P	No Comments
882	P	Very tough, but fair. Almost overwhelming amount of work in her class. I wouldn't suggest taking this class with another clinical or class with heavy coursload.
883	N	No Comments
884	P	I had the opportunity to take Professor Dee for the Financial Statement Analysis course offered at NYU for Professional Studies. I entered class with familiarity of the financial statements, but with his case studies and homework throughout the course I was able to better understand the material. I highly recommend!
885	P	Loved this class... A little too much homework which was hard to balance work, family life and class work but I got it done. But he was very responsive when asked for help and the lectures/case studies were interesting and he explained it well. Great class and great instructor.
886	P	He tries to make the topic as comprehensive as possible. His lectures are important so pay close attention. I would still read the book as the homework are based on the content of the book. I really appreciated his sharing his professional experiences to topic being taught - brought the topic to life.
887	P	Uses real world case studies that compliment class lectures. Class practice exercise were helpful when doing the homework.
888	P	Gave great, clear, easier to understand instruction in an enjoyable fashion. Gave good real world case studies during classes. Highly recommend to anyone interested in Financial Statement Analysis
889	P	Chris Dee is a great professor. Very approachable. Explains material clearly with case studies and real life examples from his own career as a banker. He's great at answering questions and stays after class to answer additional questions and concerns. Very available by email and phone outside of class. HW and case studies help apply material.
890	P	Hands down one of the best professors I have ever encountered. He is funny, knows his material and, most importantly, he is not boring! His class is not the type of class you will dread going to. Lots of Homework, easy but time consuming. He doesn't make the student buy expensive textbook, mine was $11 on amazon!
891	P	One thing I can say is that if you want to learn how to understand and implement financial statement analysis - YOU WILL LEARN FINANCIAL STATEMENT ANALYSIS WITH PROFESSOR DEE! Professor Dee was really clear in the course and made it fun with interesting examples, group projects and class assignments, the home work he had us focus on included study problems which lets the student evaluate each company differently. He always goes straight to the point, give us simple and complex scenarios to prepare us for the real world, and really has you thinking outside of the box. This is a class that is very helpful for both students and individuals who are currently in the financial services industry. It opens alot of dialogue and gives alot of clarity to how creditors, investors, and analysts view financials. Most importantly, it takes a good professor to take a complex subject and make it easy for the student to understand -Professor Dee did exactly that!
892	P	This is a very nuts and bolts approach to financial statement analysis (you need to do and think about this; you can always look up that), which makes it different from classes which require memorizing material that will eventually be forgotten. Chris is very accessible; it's clear that he wants students to understand the material and do well.
893	P	Chris is an excellent teacher with a lot of real world experience. He was able to connect the relevant concepts from the textbook to incidents and scenarios that actually occurred. For someone like me, starting out in the credit world (Commercial Lending) it was extremely helpful to have a teacher like Chris who connected all the dots!Thanks Chris!
894	P	Chris was excellent - simplified concepts and pulled out only relevant information. Repeated to ensure key concepts were emphasized again and again so you leave knowing the important things. Accessible. Added personal stories to put things in a real-world context. Highly recommended and would take another class for sure with him!
895	P	Chris was a teacher who managed to weed out the relevant from the not relevant, as it pertains to the real working world. He was very clear and patient!!
896	P	Very easy and comfortable teacher to learn from. He manages to take challenging concepts and use real world examples to make them understandable. Additionally, he made understanding the creation/use of a cash flow statement exceptionally easy unlike every accounting/finance course I've previously experienced. I highly recommend this Professor!
897	P	Has the art of making complicated concepts appear simple. Also provides a context around the subject so that common sense is developed to complement practical analysis. Good choice of book. Great sense of humour, funny stories, wisdom tips based on "blood, sweat and tears" made even financial analysis fun to learn! Can't ask for more :-)
898	P	Great teacher!!!!
899	N	no.
900	P	Professor Ronell delivers the most mind blowing performative lectures. Her readings of Kafka, Nietzsche, Derrida, Deleuze, Heidegger, Freud and others opened up a new world for me. She is kind, honorable, funny and caring. I highly recommend her classes.
901	P	If you like comparative lit, you'll love Avital.. She's inspiring, but she tends to talk in circles and goes off on tangents a lot. She doesn't allow computers in her lectures, though, so be warned.
902	P	She is not your usual type of professor, that's for sure. She literally PERFORMS her classes: every word that comes from her mouth is pure poetry/philosophy. Not everyone's cup of tea but I loved her!
903	N	Often misunderstood: In class, she is not only teaching the subject but also a very singular conception of "the professor" and of the philosophy of teaching, through a self-conceived postmodern performatic method, that makes use of facial gesture, body language, and vocal expression, plus sartorial and make-up props: A truly revolutionary method.
904	N	Often misunderstood: In class, she is not only teaching the subject but also a very singular conception of "the professor" and of the philosophy of teaching, through a self-conceived postmodern performatic method, that makes use of facial gesture, body language, and vocal expression, plus sartorial and make-up props: A truly revolutionary method.
905	N	So great. I loved watching her train of thought and went out of my way to take another class with her this semester. Youtube her, if you really want to know. She's on there.
906	P	shes great, smart, funny and very challenging.
907	P	just plain awesome. but never plain.
908	P	She is one of the most important scholar / thinker alive today, it is an honor to learn from her. She is an amazing teacher and someone who can teach you endlessly about yourself and the world.
909	N	I have to agree with some of the criticism here. Incredibly intelligent (seriously - very sharp), but if you want to witness an academic cult of personality at its most grovelling, take this class and watch how people who disagree with the professsor (there MUST be other poets than Holderlin and Rilke to examine) get eviscerated.
910	P	Anyone who brings their brain to her is lucky to be alive and at NYU.
911	P	Her class was teh best one I took at NYU. She's brilliant and interesting, not at all just rote versions of theory. She's original and interesting and helpful. Take her class!!
912	N	Sad, sad case. She's hopelessly stuck in the effete, pseudo-philosophical theory camp of decades ago. Can't think outside rote memorization of Derrida and Heidegger. Ridiculously pretentious to boot. Study with a serious *scholar* instead.
913	N	She is ridiculous
914	P	Prof Murray is a great, caring, and very clear professor. her class on TV history was super interesting and the test given are directly from the slide shows/lectures
915	P	Her lectures are really useful, she always posts them. The readings are interesting, but not necessary if you pay attention in class. Participation will definitely give you a boost. Her tests are very straight forward and aren't difficult. Her syllabus is very clear on how and what she is grading you on.
916	P	Prof. Murray is very knowledgable and her lectures are really interesting. Heavier on readings but as long as you read them before the tests you'll be fine. Very fair grading.
917	P	Knowledgeable professor. The material lends itself to dryness, because much of it is a repeat of material studied in several other MCC classes. Not a demanding course if you stay on top of the materials and screenings. I enjoyed the class, her structuring of the class and her dry wit.
918	P	I took Television History and Form with Professor Murray this semester. She is a good professor, very clear. A bit boring at times but overall a good class. Grading is done in a very straight forward manner, and if you go to class and do most of the readings/screenings you will get a good grade.
919	N	She is a very fair grader and all assignments are fair. She is also very nice and helpful. It was her first time teaching Amateur Media, she knew a lot but often her knowledge was around photography, the class was kind of boring and the articles and lectures were often common sense or dull. The class was more history based then I thought.
920	P	One of the best classes/profs I've had at NYU.
921	N	i thought this would be an fun class, but she's quite a hard ass. TONS of reading. i thought the focus would be more on the cultural impact but it's all technical and about rules and regulations of TV. i kind of hate this class.
922	P	Great teacher. It's a fun subject and she is organized and clear about what she requires. The midterm and final are extremely straightforward (just do the readings at some point). The research paper is work, but the fact the subject matter is interesting, so it goes by fast. I would definitely recommend this professor and class!
923	P	She's very nice and she knows what she's talking about. Make sure to take good notes!! Bc the tests rele come from paying attention to what she says in class. A lot of rdgs, pretty lecture based, but with very fun, enjoyable TV clips. She's cool!
924	P	Awesome. Very knowledgeable, has a clear plan of where she wants to go with the class. Concentrates a lot on radio in the beginning, so expect a lot of historical readings. Very good about answering questions and clarifying when you are confused. Highly recommended.
925	N	*
926	P	Very interesting professor. Very nice, helpful, willing to work with you. Available to students. Not a difficult professor - fair. Normal work load.
927	P	really really easy. she's nice
928	P	No Comments
929	N	what everyone else said
930	N	This guy is undoubtedly the worst professor in the world. I cannot believe he has a PhD, let alone is the head of the department. He cannot explain even basic concepts correctly because he doesn't know them, it's unbelievable how little he knows about even the basics of his own course. Rambles on off topic for the simples of questions. Unreal.
931	N	nothing much to say, just avoid him. The worst professor in my entire life, no question.
932	N	i like him, he is kind of funny, but his classes are terrible. the whole music tech program is a mess!..dont enroll in this program!
933	N	NYU music Technology is led by him, and it is chaotic now.Someone needs to organize it.
934	N	So he makes you choose your grade at the end of the term. Even if you do all the work, participate in class and show true effort in obtaining knowledge in the subject (digital audio processing), you still only get a B, while kids who do not do any of the work and show up on rare occasions ALSO get a B. Not fair at all.
935	N	I think it would be safer to rate the professor after you have completed one or two courses with him. The guy knows little about the subject. While it's great that he leaves us to learn on our own, he should also be there when we have questions and be able to answer them correctly. Not to mention that he knows LITTLE ABOUT THE SUBJECT!
936	N	He takes a broad educational approach in his teaching which is exactly what a department head should do. He also has some people skills - a quality often lacking in the music tech environs.
937	N	UGH I have him for DAP I and II until he retires good luck! The man should not be teaching.
938	N	No Comments
939	N	I took two courses with him during my tenure at NYU: Electronic Music Syth and Advanced Computer Music Composition. If you like an academic approach (and I mean that in the truest sense) to composition and music technology, than you will probably enjoy his classes. He puts you in a box that forces you to think about other compositional factors. I enjoyed his classes, but they aren't for everyone.
940	N	Dresses and acts like a bad used car salesman. Nice guy though -- head of my department, saw him once in 4 years. Get bishai and dubois as heads and you'll have a real deparment.
941	N	biggest waste of $6k in my life
942	N	I'm still reeling.
943	P	At first, a bit intimidating because he does expect his students to be comfortable with all prior courses. He does however create extra classes where you can ask him any question you have regarding material he covered or personal curiosity. They are very helpful. Grades on a curve with 40% passing. Absolutely brilliant guy. Beautiful lecture notes.
944	P	European (Scottish) professor. Exams are given European style (40% is a passing score), curve is huge. Explanations are very clear, office hours are very, very helpful (he uses them almost as an extra lecture, great for seeing examples worked out).
945	P	Take him if you can, he is extremely helpful and a phenomenal teacher. He always has good explanations for everything, and if he has to rush somedays he is more than willing to explain to you everything in more depth either via email of after class.
946	P	The best professor I have ever had. He is very clear with his explanations and is just brilliant. You have to be willing to work hard but he genuinely cares about his students and is always willing to help. GO TO OFFICE HOURS. He actually made me love maths.
947	P	Great professor, very helpful!
948	P	One of my favorite professors. Clear lectures with a lot of examples that were consistent with his tests. Showed interest in students. Weekly homework but not too much. Weekly quizzes in recitation. Midterms were quite long. Uploads lecture notes.
949	P	He comes from a rigorous education system so he expects you to put the work in studying. Midterm I was insanely tough but looking back over it, very fair in curving. Office hours attendance are a must if you do not understand material. End class curve was generous. He really makes you work for the grade but you'll thank him in the end.
950	P	He hardly ever replies to emails, which is a little rude and frustrating. However that aside, his lectures were great, and he is extremely helpful. Tests are challenging, but if you did the work they weren't terribly difficult. He prepared us well for the final. I honestly thought I hated math until this class. Really wonderful instructor overall.
951	P	His tests were ridiculously hard! But he reassures his students that although a grade may seem bad to them, it really isn't that bad and he really helps you get through those rough times. Plus, his accent and his hotness really helps you get through the long lectures and hard tests. Just listen to his scottish accent, and you'll be dazed.
952	P	nice person
953	N	Okay yes he expects a lot of prior knowledge but he's new to NYU and he's got high standards. He's very approachable and definitely cares about his students, especially if you put the effort in. He uploads all lecture notes and is very in depthspecific with the topics. The exams are very difficult but I'm sure those will change over time.
954	P	He's a seriously brilliant guy. The material is hard and a lot has to be covered quickly, but he'll help you if you take the time to ask.
955	N	Has high standards of knowledge on mathematics compared to other professors bc he is originally from Europe. Expects a lot of detail. Laughs at you when you don't understand things he considers to be basic. Hard to reach; doesn't respond to emails. He shares his lecture notes online. Tests and HW are 10x harder than what he goes over in class.
956	N	Although his lectures are very pointless and exams are very hard, 44 midterm average(wo curve), he's hot and that counts.
957	N	Lectures are not useful at all. Make you doing the same thing, repeating repeating repeating on same thing, boring. Do not follow the syllabus schedule. Have no clear rubric. wont take his class again.
958	P	The class is very easy. We watch a ton of movies and the tests are open note with the questions given in advance. Definitely a good class to take if you are trying to fulfill a MAP requirement. So happy I chose this one.
959	P	He is so nice! He is so funny with the board and just laughs when the class laughs at him. Shows a lot of movies -- a good way to learn about another culture =)
960	P	I don't know why this guy has such a bad reputation. The class is easy! The subject matter is fairly interesting. He isn't the most interesting person to have ever lectured, but he makes everything easy to understand. It's always funny trying to teach him how to use the smart board. Overall, he may not be exciting,but he's a great professor.
961	P	Arvind is not the most fun but he is still very good. He tries very hard in making the long readings understandable and applicable to communication studies. The class itself is quite easy, and he is to blame :)I defenetly recommend him for future Hist of Comm people. The subject is quite boring, but it really was not bad at all.
962	N	The class is generally easy. 25% of it is participation on blackboard. You gotta read the book/articles and post summarys or your thoughts on them. If you remember that, you'll do fine on the Midterm and Final. You gotta do an essay that is pretty open ended. Not bad. You can definetely skip the class half the time and pull off a B. Lectures=boring
963	N	I've heard that the second semester version of the class is easier, so take that. This one is ok, but its all politics and economy - NO CULTURE. It was diwali (the biggest Indian holiday) in class one day, and he didnt even acknowledge it - thats how little emphasis was on culture. Easy grading rubric though, w/o much effort, you can get an A-
964	P	Rajagopal is the nicest prof ever...but staring at a pile of flour would be more exciting. Easy class, overwhelming content, but one of the better WC's. Take him if you want to learn more about India, but expect more about past politics than modern times.
965	P	Go to class and pay attention, and make a decent effort to read the books and you'll do fine. Prof. Raj. has messy handwriting on overheads but you'll get used to it. Surprisingly, very interesting class.
966	P	Nice guy. Good Teacher. Easy Exams
967	N	Rajagopal is a nice guy, but his teaching could use improvement. He cares a lot, however, so the class is at least bearable. The material is a little overwhelming since he doesnt explain it very well, but it isnt very complex. Go, take notes, leave, and dont allow yourself to get frustrated.
968	N	Fast class. Lots of notes. His writing is illegible.
969	N	No Comments
970	N	I found World Cultures: India to be interesting, but very frustrating - the volume of the material we were responsible for was overwhelming, and while I did well in the course it was a very stressful experience.
971	P	Writing essay lecture. Showed some great video clips, really interesting lectures even though they would sometimes drag. Very friendly and overall really great prof.
972	N	I had Sheril for my WTE lecture portion. She was pretty good, showed us some great clips and even a full movie. She made us laugh sometimes too. However, her lectures tended to drag on sometimes and some of the topics went right over my head.
973	P	She's a great person and I think she is a great professor although people may take her for granted.
974	P	I took her Anatomy of Difference for upper level undergrads and grad students - it was excellent. Brilliant.
975	N	Nice teacher; poor lecturer. Needs to give more information than what was already read in the textbook.
976	P	She was pretty awesome. a bit boring but all around a cool teacher
977	N	She's so into herself. Liked talking about Riefenstahl and D.W. Griffiths then said "oops, sorry! not gonna show them!" When she lectures, it's like she's just reading from the ****ing book. Because she probably is.
978	P	No Comments
979	P	Very smart. Strong opinions. Great teacher.
980	P	Good Intro Course
981	N	No Comments
982	N	No Comments
983	N	she is so boring and basically reads out of the text book. If i wanted an audio tape of a book i would have bought it, not spending my valuable time and money in her class.
984	P	Pat is one of the best professors I have ever taken a class with! She is interesting and really invested in every one of her students. If you can take any class with her I highly recommend doing so!!!!
985	P	Pat comes prepared, is helpful, and facilitates disc well. Tell her if you want more discussion. Don't buy every single book if you just need one story. Contribute to class even if it's bogus. The thing is that this requires effort. This is no easy CAS course. You will read. You will write. You will complain. You will be a stronger writer for it.
986	P	Pat is fantastic and easily one of the best teachers I've had at Gallatin. I thought that Monsters in Popular Culture merely looked like a fun class to take over summer, but ended up learning a ton of information/theory that's been instrumental in my concentration.
987	P	Patty is a wonderful woman who has opened my eyes to a world of wonderment.
988	N	This class is fluffy easy fun. Vampires, zombies, what's not to like, right? Unless you want to learn something Twilight movie reviews can't teach. My problem with this prof is that she puts on airs, speaks with a contrived accent, and is condescending to students, although in this way that seems "nice." Very into herself.
989	P	I just finished Monsters in Popular Culture with Prof. Lennox,and I LOVED it. She is probably my favorite Gallatin professor so far. I love that she is also open to giving extra time for papers if you need it; I wrote one of my best papers I thought because I had a few extra days. Very interesting material, but it is difficult to get an A.
990	N	Good selection of readings and flexible with paper topics. However, she is unclear about assignment and overall course expectations, and generally unprepared for class.
991	P	I took her Monster's in Popular Culture class as well as her Shakespeare course. She is one of the best Teachers in Gallatin, and if you are ready to work, you will exit her class a better student.
992	P	Pat Lennox is the best professor I've had at NYU. I had her for Myths and Fables and she was excellent! The class was so interesting and our discussions were always relevant and intellectually stimulating. Pat has also been extremely helpful to me for networking purposes and I am very greatful for it. I would definitely recommend Pat and M&F!!!!
993	N	The worst professor I have ever had. I have not learned anything about the subject, nor writing (and the class is a writing seminar). Class discussions rarely ever get interesting because she does not know how to facilitate them. Seems unprepared for class, and even wastes time talking about irrelevant topics to fill said wasted time.
994	P	Sweet lady. Pretty much no deadlines...she's very flexible with paper extensions. Class is all discussion and she loves hearing everyone's opinions. Open to paper topics. Definitely take her!
995	P	AMAZING! This is one of the best classes I've ever taken. I believe that while she does stray on tangents, they are all for reasons. You can use any one of those 'pointless' tangents in your paper and she will be very impressed. I believe she knows exactly what she is saying when she says it. No time is ever wasted. I love this class and recom. it!
996	N	She's sweet but wastes way too much time talking about pointless things. Get back on track. The material is pretty cool, though, and what you write about is very open.
997	P	He is a wonderful, smart, witty, and good old fashioned English professor who truly cares about the text(s) and the student's engagement with it. He's very business-oriented, but he will stretch you wonderfully. No easy As, but you can earn them with hard work. I will be taking him again in the fall.
998	P	You MUST take one class with him before you graduate from NYU, if not you would have wasted your education here. He is very organized, knowledgeable, humble, and helpful. Highly recommended for those who really want to push themselves, but not recommended for people seeking easy A's for a particular semester because you really have to work hard.
999	P	Archer is a great professor. Very helpful. His lectures are long, but funny and interesting. The readings, for the most part aren't too bad. I learned a lot. Only had 2 papers during the class and most of them were short and had detailed prompts. He gave great feedback for both of them. Definitely would take again.
1000	P	Archer seems like a good person, even a very good person. No doubt he's a sweetheart. That said, he has no filter whatsoever and can be one hell of a sharp-tongued SOB. He has no patience for stupidity and does not hold back anything. Some of the stuff that comes out of his mouth makes me think "Wow, and people say I'm harsh, blunt and rude!"
1001	P	Professor Archer is the best English professor at NYU I've taken by far (out of 7). He is everything an idealistic professor should be. He's knowledgeable, well-organized, genuinely passionate about what he teaches, and very witty at times. I recommend his class. I've enjoyed his lectures even though I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare.
1002	N	Word of warning. This guy doesn't suffer fools gladly. If you say something weird or awkward in class, he might be pretty cruel.
1003	P	I learned a lot and thought he was always well-prepared and interesting.
1004	P	Professor Archer gives interesting lectures and is clearly passionate about the subject matter (he often runs into things because he's excited about something and not looking where he's going!). I enjoy hearing his perspectives on various aspects of Shakespeare. Plus, the TA I had for this course (Sarah Ostendorf) was awesome and very helpful.
1005	P	John Archer is by far one of the best English professors at NYU. Particularly great for those who love Shakespeare/Renaissance/Chaucer. Hearing him read in Middle English is a joy. Otherwise, his classes are always very informative, I've had him twice and my friend has taken him at least 4 or 5 times. Detailed criticism & genuinely helpful.
1006	P	Archer is a very smart professor who knows his stuff. However, the grading was terrible because of the TA, who grades 100% of the course. Everyone got a C- to B+ on the final, and the class wasn't even curved. Don't take this class unless you're willing to sacrifice grades for an interesting topic.
1007	N	Fair grading. Exams are straightforward passage identification with one or two tricky excerpts. Sparse work and reading: roughly one play per week, and two papers and exams each. Lectures are interesting if you do the reading.
1008	N	Professor Archer is very dry, dense and really boring. Only Shakespeare fanatics find him fun. Take him if you LOVE Shakespeare, otherwise do not.
1009	N	Professor Archer is genuinely excited by Shakespeare. He always seems very happy to be teaching, yet you can get lost when he starts analyzing the different plays. Very nice and very intelligent. the thing that will make or break your grade is the TA you have.
1010	N	I think she gives great feedback and the class will help your writing. She is lovely. However she is way too tough when it comes to her grading. I would spend days on my essay and go to the writing center various times and I still never got higher than a B+. I do not think she is fair with grading and I was very stressed all semester.
1011	P	Professor Souffrant managed to make a class that I thought I would dread as a first year freshman, into one of the most valuable, and interesting (at times), classes that I took. Professor Souffrant explains tasks and assignments clearly, and her assignments can be challenging,but she is willing to explain any questions or concerns. 100% recommend!
1012	P	WTE is just one of those annoying classes no matter the professor, but I do recommend Professor Souffrant. If you participate and show up to class, you'll be fine. It's mostly time for brainstorming for content; so if you are not confident in your writing technique, I would recommend seeing her for office hours or going to the writing center.
1013	P	She is very nice and helpful during class. Make sure to do your homework and the assignments are a lot easier. She spreads work out over a long period of time.
1014	P	I've never thought harder about the color blue. Took her class 2 years ago, and am still so grateful for all I learned in her WTE class. Really easy to talk to during essay meetings.
1015	P	Im about to graduate NYU, and none of the classes Ive taken since WTE with souffrant have topped her class. If you do the work and ask for her feedback, she will help you greatly. Be attentive. Really hear her
1016	P	Professor Souffrant is a wonderful teacher who is very accessible within and outside of the classroom. She can definitely be described as a tough grader, but if you use the concepts she outlines in class you should do well. She is always willing to go over past work. She expects all assignments to be completed, so be prepared for a lot of reading!
1017	P	Professor Souffrant really helped me to strengthen my skills as a writer. I initially struggled with the course, but after meeting with her I improved immensely. She highly encourages unique ideas and explorations in papers. The course is very challenging, but incredibly rewarding if you utilize both the writing center and meetings with her.
1018	N	VERY TOUGH GRADER. Good teacher but somewhat unclear. I did learn a lot in her class and help was there when I needed it.
1019	N	She cares about her students and will offer help if you ask for it. Her clarity is iffy but I'm not sure if that's a Writing the Essay thing in general. Meeting with her more than the recommended time is crucial. Let her know what you're trying to achieve and what you don't understand. She will give you her time. Very tough grader though
1020	P	She made the class surprisingly enjoyable. I feel like I learned a lot about writing, especially from a class that I had to take. Some of the assignments were pretty interesting and classes were different. Shes nice and seemed to really care about helping me with my writing. I recommend this teacher!
1021	N	In the entire semester I have never once clearly understood what she actually meant when spoke. She always gives a vague idea without explaining it. And she never points out what exactly she agrees or disagrees with a student's response. I don't think I have improved anything. To make matters worse, my writings become vague thanks to her.
1022	P	Good teacher. Very helpful if you meet with her. WTE is obviously never going to be a super fun class, but I liked having her as a teacher.
1023	P	Nicole is a really sweet person. She cares her students, understand them, and most importantly she prepared class material and revise essays really carefully. Can't think of any professor better than her!
1024	P	I would take her again if it fit in my schedule. Shes really sweet and caring. I would definitely recommend her. In my opinion she could be a LITTLE unclear in what she wants you to right about but she explains it if you dont get it. Professor Callihans class isnt terribly difficult. If you can, id say take her class!
1025	P	Thank you for being my teacher.
1026	P	Incredible lady. Super sweet, knowledgeable, and just wants everyone to learn and be happy. Great experience in the course, which was a total 180 from last semester. The environment is happy, supportive, and I've learned so much more from her than I did last semester.
1027	P	Professor Callihan is an amazing Expository Writing teacher who cares for her students. Not only is she understanding of your situation but also she really wants you to improve your writing skills. I have always found her critiques clear! She also offers many one-to-one conferences.
1028	P	Professor Callihan is the perfect EXPOS instructor if you are an intellectually curious person who wants to explore the surrounding world. She always has such a profound presence in the class and her ideas are extraordinary. Truly inspiring!
1029	P	Professor Callihan is always so nice and full of amazing ideas. She inspires her students a lot and really cares and listens to her students. EXPOS will be fun with her, I promise.
1030	N	Prof. Callihan is definitely a nice lady, but if you've struggled with English and writing in high school, I don't think her class would be the best for you. Her style of teaching and grading was very difficult for me, so the class was a bit overwhelming and a tad unenjoyable since I was never a great writer.
1031	P	One of the best professors I have ever had. She's very kind and energetic. I looked forward to her class and when it comes to conferences, she gives useful feedback and advice with how to write your essay. She makes writing enjoyable and she is such a wonderful person! I definitely recommend to take her class!
1032	P	Professor Callihan is a great professor. She really cares about you and wants you to succeed so if you're having trouble all you have to do is go visit her and she will try and guide you. Professor Callihan is a great writing professor and she knows that we are engineering students so she does a lot for her students.
1033	P	Not only is she an outstanding teacher, Prof. Callihan is a very nice person in and out of the classroom. She is always willing to help out, as long as you go to class. There's no reason to miss her class: you will always learn something and have a great time! And someday she might even bring cookies/madeleines.
1034	P	Wonderful teacher; she is helpful, friendly and pretty good at explaining things.
1035	P	LOVE professor callihan. She's a star! tough grader, but she wants you to do well and tries her best to get you on the right track. And she brings cupcakes to class sometimes!
1036	N	Terrible teacher. She thinks she is the best thing since sliced bread. She also talks down to you if you are taking her class anywhere besides at Princeton. If you want help, don't bother. She won't answer any questions, yet degrades you for not knowing the answer. Avoid this teacher!
1037	N	Extremely dismissive, narcissistic, critical. The material itself is very interesting, but don't plan on getting an A.
1038	P	You have to work hard in her class, and be willing to take constructive criticism. She doesn't spoon-feed, which really is a plus because it motivates you to analyze her assigned readings. Don't take her class if you want an easy A, or are used to getting it. Take it if you really want to learn about the foundational theories of Social Psych.
1039	P	Stacey could not have done a better job at teaching this material. True she's a bit funky, - but that's irrelevant to her teaching and furthermore I liked it. Organized, smart, clear, fair, and I personally looked forward to seeing each wardrobe she chose for the day. I found her to be relatable, and made the class interesting.
1040	N	Tends to be dismissive/uninterested toward legitimate responses from students, both in classroom discussion and graded items (exams, essays) -- interpreting student opinions in an unnecessarily negative light, or simply flagging them as irrelevant. Extremely high estimate of own opinion. Unapproachable unless one defers entirely to her authority.
1041	P	I like her very much! Extremely logical, structured and smart. Very good at explaining complex concepts and is clearly well-read and knowledgeable in her field and beyond. Is forthcoming but not intimidating-I am sick of professors who try to be nice nodding delightfully at silly comments in class. Has a quirky personality which is great too.
1042	N	The Lutz should be avoided at all costs! She comes off kind of snobby and once every class session she will stomp out into the hall and yell at someone for being too noisy. Loves her own voice. Often times will discount students' opinions without giving a good explanation as to why they are "wrong", sometimes when the student is officially correct.
1043	N	I took her Psychology of Social Behavior for the General MA Program. She was unapproachable, unkind and only applauded the sound of her own voice in the classroom. I suggest that you take anyone else. And, Professor Lutz, I suggest you aspire to impart knowledge to your students not just engage us in two hours of self-love.
1044	N	Tedious professor who created the literally most deadening environment in class I have ever experienced. Very unhelpful too, and narcissistic. To finally finish this class felt like being released from prison...
1045	N	Bad teacher and stultifying environment. Don't take this course
1046	N	Avoid this class - tedious teacher and unhelpful, especially with grades
1047	P	I had Prof. Lutz for Developmental and Social Psychology courses. A great teacher - thorough, pleasant, intelligent, able to present complex information very concisely. An absolute joy to go to class. Assignments were two papers and three tests.
1048	P	Took Intro to Digital Media last semester. Class was very interesting. He did a good job in presenting different viewpoints and keeping me interested throughout the semester. Class blog was also useful.
1049	N	this was the worst class i have ever taken.. completely based on class presentations, which get old, and everyone played on their laptops the entire time. the concepts are hard but even so a complete waste of time
1050	P	He is a really great guy and i didnts mind attending class, but be aware that it is all take home essay tests and he is a hard grader that expects abstract connections not simply given to you in class.
1051	P	Hey this was a good class. Maybe not the easiest, but i learned a lot from it. Take him, you won't regret it.
1052	N	I took Intro to Human Comm and Culture with Marco. I the readings he assigned, the way he taught the class, the way he graded. My friend recommended this course, saying she loved it and it was one of her easiest class. He grades very hard which is unfair because he doesnt even teach the abstract material well at all, his curriculum is very obscure
1053	P	Marco is a young and brilliant professor. The readings he assigns are a bit hard, but then he spends time in class trying to make them accessible. Overall this class was interesting and I learned a lot from it.
1054	N	TA for Siva's last semester at NYU; Class was great if you did the readings posted on blackboard. No books to buy! Marco's a little difficult to understand and his ppt notes are not sufficient to answer the final exam questions. Little slow with returning grades.
1055	P	highly recommend him!
1056	N	Marco is very attractive and Italian. Take his class as there aren't many distinguishing factors other than these.
1057	P	No Comments
1058	P	Marco was a great teacher. Prepared, helpful, sometimes even funny. I recommend him to anybody.
1059	N	Once you get past the way he pronnounces things, he is a great TA. And he is not too bad to look at either!
1060	N	is she a rep for the CDC? that's all she seems to reference. i guess the point of nursing school is to memorize CDC recommendations and not think for yourself - since after all everything requires a "specialist" and the CDC's transparent and reliable studies...
1061	P	Perfect combination of gravitas, wit and charm.
1062	N	Totally agree with the previous comment. She does not prep you at all for her exam.
1063	N	McCabe knows her stuff; that being said, she DOES NOT TEACH FOR THE EXAM AT ALL. She is perhaps the most vague professor I've had and expects you to figure certain things out. She'll give you all the interventions for a disease and will not rank importance. On the test, all the interventions are listed and you better know which one comes first.
1064	P	If you do the reading, come to class, take good notes, and review the podcasts as needed, you will be fine. Dr. McCabe is the perfect combination of engaging, compassionate, tough, and direct. She really does care about students and the material she is teaching and that's what helped me come prepared.
1065	P	I love Dr. McCabe! She can come off as kind of blunt in class, but if you meet with her individually she's amazingly compassionate, understanding, helpful, etc. She was also a really good lecturer.
1066	P	not bad, podcasts everything, info needed for tests is mainly in the powerpoints
1067	P	Made the class tolerable: Mauro alone would have been a nightmare.
1068	P	Dr. McCabe is the best professor I've had in NYUCN. She has a lot of experience (especially in geriatric nursing) to share and keeps the material engaging. She is very helpful, encouraging and clear. I wish I had her as a clinical instructor too, as I've heard nothing but great things about her in that position. Needless to say, highly recommended!
1069	P	She was Awesome! She expects you do to your work but test come from her notes and the book. the best professor I had at NYU
1070	P	Organized, clear, and approachable. The content is the content and is the basis of exams (textbook reading a MUST) but Professor McCabe does her best to make it clear and interesting.
1071	P	I think she's an awesome professor! Very helpful and really knows her stuff! I would recommend her to anyone!
1072	P	Great lecturer, accessible outside of teaching hours. Gives good feedback to assignments.
1073	N	Took his linear algebra this semester, it's his first time teaching the subject, so the class is pretty boring. And it's also his last semester here in NYU cuz he's said to go back to Australia next year. Given that, he behaves VERY IRRESPONSIBLE. He canceled class several times and sometimes don't reply to email or just not helpful at all.
1074	N	He teaches using examples of what NOT to do. he is not clear at all. I didnt attend lecturs after the first 2 weeks becuase i knew id be better off learning it on my own.
1075	N	focused more on what we shouldnt do rather than what TO do. He taught through proofs. He spent the last review session teaching us things we didnt need to know instead of helping us review for the final. I emailed him multiple times during the semester and only got a reply once. he never fully answers questions, not even the easy ones.
1076	N	If he would focus his efforts on trying to teach better instead of trying to be humorous, he would be a great professor. Teaches concepts through proofs, but rarely gives helpful example problems. Those who do well seemed to do so through a prior knowledge of calculus, not due to what was taught.
1077	N	He's likable, but he doesn't teach well. Most of the time he seems pretty confused himself and takes all of these times on proofs that you don't really need to know. Also, he doesn't respond to emails. But, he is funny, or tries..., and from what I've heard about other Calc1 professors at the school, he's better than most.
1078	N	His accent complimented with his incomprehensible proofs that lead in circles right back to confusion create an atmosphere comparable to Hell itself. That man is the devil, he just hides his tail in his pants.
1079	N	His lengthy proofs and examples of how NOT to do problems confuse people who are simply trying to learn how to do calculus in the first place. But if you know calculus already there's no reason not to take him. He's cool for the most part; young; sociable.
1080	N	probably the most useless math teacher I have ever had. I wanted to be a Math major before I took his class. And don't get it confused, I pay attention. I SIT IN THE FRONT. This man is not a very good explainer he acts like we are all as smart as him and know what he is talking about he doesnt explain things very well and skips over some things
1081	P	this fool is amazing. nuf said.
1082	P	Harvey is thourough and reasonable. The people who don't understand what is going on in lecture are ones who talk and dont pay attention. About answering question... people ask retarded questions... and im not particularly good at math..lol. i didn't pass AP calc but i really enjoy his class and really enjoy calc now..woot
1083	N	When students have questions, he typically does not answer in a way that helps students understand the material. He has notes on a sheet that he just copies on to the board as quickly as possible so he can get through the lesson for the day. His handwriting is utterly abysmal sometimes. His class just ends up frustrating me by the end of it.
1084	P	Professor Caspary is the sweetest man I ever met. You will sit in a diner with him to chat for one-on-one meetings, which seems strange but is actually eyeopening. He genuinely cares about his students and their interests. HOWEVER, his readings are unrealistic and class lectures can be drag. He grades harshly, but guaranteed a min. B in the class
1085	P	Wonderful professor and wonderful class. Could not have thanked Professor Caspary enough for providing me a better understanding of what I would like to study. Inspiring and truly a clear example of what a professor should be. Incredibly caring and understanding, yet challenges you to a greater understanding.
1086	P	Bill is one of the most amazing professors at NYU. He's soulful, kind, passionate, and a witty man. He truly cares about his students and their lives, and gets to know all of them personally. Hugely important to my academic life. Lectures can be a bit long and at times a bit tedious, but the process of learning is worth it. He's a mentor.
1087	P	Truly representative of what an educator should be. I am grateful I had the opportunity to take a course with such and endearing and brilliant man. I could not recommend Professor Caspary enough. If you're reading this, thank you.
1088	N	Caspary is a sweet man who doesn't care about grades. This can be a good or bad thing. Attendance doesn't matter. His feedback is very broad and his grading is not clear at all. Caspary expects you to regurgitate what he says in your papers, (very ironic given what he says in class about education) and I regret taking this class. Don't take.
1089	P	I rarely write reviews, but Bill changed my life. An incredible professor and an even more wonderful soul. This class made me a more decent human being.
1090	P	Truly an amazing person. Take one of his classes just so you can confirm that good and passionate people exist. Very helpful, enthusiastic, intelligent, and welcoming.
1091	P	10/10
1092	N	Bill is endearing and very enthusiastic about what he teaches. I've found, though, that he seems to be one of those professors who feels their academic opinions/interpretations are fact, so if you disagree with him, it might cause some tension. Also...he's just so old at this point that you can never really tell what's going on in that head of his
1093	P	simply, great class, great professor, and great man. thought-provoking, informative, and clear. expansive knowledge of ethics and american politics; especially, dewey and the movers and shakers of democratic theory and practice. if cynical, blinkered conservatism, or W F Buckley, floats your boat, you might have difficulty squaring with each other.
1094	P	I never write these things but I had to for Bill. I had him for Creative Democracy. Incredibly bright, incredibly informative, and a deeply caring individual. I wish he taught all of my classes. It is truly an honor to have such a wonderful person in my life
1095	P	I had Bill for Creative Democracy: The Pragmatic Tradition. This man is absolutely inspiring and thoughtful. He expects you to think in class, and challenges you to apply what you learn. A wonderful professor with a caring soul.
1096	P	I took Pearl's class three years ago and I STILL refer to the methodology I've developed in her class. I regularly bring up the insightful points we made in her class on Derrida, Butler, and Baldwin in my classes today and many professors are impressed when I say I read the text in freshman year. 100% recommend, you will not regret the tough class
1097	P	She is the best professor I've ever had. Very intelligent. Very knowledgeable. Respect every opinion. Sometimes I wish I could be as cool and amazing as she is. Although she is a tough grader, but you can definitely learn A LOT in her class.
1098	P	Pearl was my favorite part of Paris. She taught me so much. She tells funny stories and is great at explaining difficult theory. She makes you work for it, but it is so worth it.
1099	P	Pearl is the best professor I've ever had. She might be the smartest person I know, and changed the way I read, write, and think. The hardest class I've taken, but she pushes you so you'll get better. It's also really rewarding. Participate in class and take peer editing seriously. Work hard and it will be worth it.
1100	P	Pearl is one of the greatest teachers I've had so far. She keeps it very real and is always down to talk about social issues. She pushes you very hard but mostly because she wants you to get better. I would take her class again even though it's very challenging. Lots of reading, lots of writing. It's hard to slack off
1101	P	Professor Pearl is one of my favorite NYU professors so far. She's interesting, funny, and always gives everyone a chance to express their opinion. The reading she assigns really makes you think. I was expecting a typical writing class, but it was so much more than that; you learn a lot about society, philosophy and culture. 100% recommend!
1102	P	This professor seriously changed my view on writing and academics as a whole. I was barely into the first semester and I could already tell how much better my writing was. It's NOT an easy class; you definitely have to work for your grade. However, if you put in the work, you'll get amazing results. Taught me so much about writing and our world.
1103	P	Take Professor Pearl if you want to become a better writer and have your perception of the world changed forever. She gives you a lot of texts to read, some which are very dense, but her lectures are worth it and very interesting. She can be somewhat intimidating, but she is hilarious and helpful. You have to work hard for an A, but it's worth it.
1104	P	Still to this day the best professor I've had. She chooses mind-bending texts that challenge and shift your perception of the world. You walk out of the class knowing that you learned something. I discovered a passion for semiotics and gender studies which I was unaware of prior to taking the class. I still write on these topics in my classes now.
1105	P	professor Pearl is an incredibly smart professor and passionate about what she teaches (she wrote her dissertation on the texts we read in class). Be prepared to work outside of class but I enjoyed every class session due to her hilarious personality and willingness to go into as much depth as you need. Really interesting course material as well.
1106	P	Uses a great list of essays that challenges students to deconstruct social constructions and develop writing habits. Kind and quiet, she is a helpful editor and tells hilarious stories, but for both you need to ask. The professor respects her students' intelligence and ability so will also assume your understanding if you don't demand help.
1107	N	Kind and compassionate professor. Tough grader. Pearl integrates compelling philosophical content into her assignments. This is a writing class where you might actually learn something. I highly recommend it.
1108	P	Very theoretical. Even though this is a writing class we used philosophical and theoretical texts in your essays. Some topics covered this year were race, gender, forgiveness, and cosmopolitanism. Very funny and willing to help. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a bit of a challenge.
1109	P	I had her Mideast class in Summer 2009. It was great for a 3 hour class. She really kept us interested and her examples were always great. it was a lot of work, but well worth it. I wish they offer more classes like hers during the year!
1110	N	She was extremely smart/prepared when I had her for a Middle Eastern course in the spring of 2002. Felt lucky to have her a time when the course was so topical. It must be noted that was without question the hottest professor at the college.
1111	P	Friendly professor, good grasp of the issues. Read the textbook and she'll tell you what she's looking for in the writing.
1112	P	Had her at Fordham. She was an excellent professor with a combination of material mastery and a great ability to convey it in an understandable manner. Also, extremely hot.
1113	N	The lectures were fast and the class was challenging but worthwhile.
1114	P	Top notch! Prof. Marji is an engaging lecturer and she has the best smile of any Professor I've ever had. I loved the class.
1115	P	If you're interested about gaining valuable insight into the middle east, then this is a great class. Lots of reading, but exam questions were so open ended that you could really write about one or two books and leave it at that. And on a less serious note, she's quite attractive.
1116	P	Not only is she a professor, but she's an underegrad advisor, too.
1117	N	No Comments
1118	P	One of the best teachers I had all four years!!! Ask her for help with anything, and she is there for you. You just need to be willing to learn.
1119	N	not great
1120	N	The course material is interesting, but this class is very challenging. You need to attend every lecture and take good notes or record the lecture to do well. Prof. Davachi lectures very fast, so you need to pay attention. The textbook is useless. There are three exams, but only the best two counts. There are also a final and a literature critique.
1121	N	Lila is extremely condescending in class. The class is extremely boring in the first half of the semester because though it is an advanced psych class, we go over basic neuro/bio. There is a 20 point essay on the exams that comes from articles read in recitations which she kindly failed to mention. Recitation is mandatory but pointless.
1122	P	Davachi was extremely clear in her lectures as well as interesting. I never missed a lecture because I enjoyed them so much, but the class is hard; you have to study. The textbook is a good reference, but useless otherwise. TA told me that they don't write own multichoice. The MC are REALLY difficult on exams, but not impossible to get an A.
1123	N	first of all, don't buy the text book. okay, this is a rough class... not gonna lie about that one. however, i started recording the lectures (which i've never done my entire 3 years at NYU) and it has proved very helpful. you have to find something that works for you here... the class is very demanding!
1124	N	Davachi is really nice and clearly knows her information. The class is ridiculously difficult because the TA's are terrible and really hard graders. Tests were super hard because they're only 15 mc worth 6 points each and an essay and short answers (which are easy), but she curves. Be prepared to study your ass off.
1125	P	She's great! Really sweet and funny. Not an easy class, but put in some effort and you'll walk away from a fulfilling semester. PLUS, she's hot.
1126	N	Absolutely hate her class. As a teacher she's not too bad. However, her lecture notes are SO disorganized. What she puts up on blackboard is hardly ever what is taught in class. It makes following along really difficult, and come test day, you have no idea which of your notes corresponds to which lecture notes.
1127	P	This class is what made me want to double major in psychology. She is a great teacher, and the research that she has done is really impressive. She's really funny and very clear during lectures, which you really have to attend in order to do well in the class. And yes, she is pretty hot.
1128	P	she makes it look easy. the TA's are good. its fun material. but worth the effort.
1129	P	Hot. Funny. Really smart. Makes neuroscience look easy, and popular
1130	N	Tests were pretty difficult. The averages were always in the 60's. The good thing is all tests were curved. Only one short paper. Davachi herself is kind of unapproachable but very smart. A lot of the test essays focused on the articles we had to read for recitation which were long and hard to read.
1131	P	Enthusiastic teacher who gives tough but fair exams. Go to class and read, and you'll be fine. He prepares well for class and really cares about the subject matter
1132	P	He was a great professor. Exams were exactly like practice exams and though his examples might seem corny I feel like he"s just trying to engage the students. I would recommend him more than skreta for sure.
1133	P	Very nice guy, available for questions or during office hours. He can seem nonchalant sometimes (especially with the hair...). Exams can get hard but they're like the practice exams, so if you do those, you'll do very well on the actual exams.
1134	N	He's not great at explaining things, and he flips his hair way too much. He just reads off the slides and adds things here and there. I'm not too sure the other teachers are all that good either so...
1135	N	I hate microeconomics, so this class was very difficult for me. The problem sets are just like test questions, and they are very difficult. I had a hard time understanding him, but it might just be that I am not good at economics. He is a nice person, and available for office hours if you take advantage of that.
1136	N	There's just something about this professor i don't like so much, maybe its the hair. His lectures are useless, and recitations are a complete waste of time, so don't bother going to any. The one good thing is that he prints out all the lecture slides for you, but these are useless unless you go to his lectures. Go take Skreta or the other one
1137	P	His midterms and finals are rough, so study for those. But otherwise, class isnt so bad. (And he cares a lot about his students)
1138	P	Sweet guy...very awkward at times, but you learn to get past it. he prints notes for you AND staples them before class--you don't need to do much; just 5 problem sets, a couple of quizzes, and the exams. Great class, sucky recitation...but who cares.
1139	N	Not the best professor ever, but was still able to get the material across. Knows plenty of real-world examples. Quizzes are easy and short, you'll be well prepared for exams. Not to much work per night either, overall a nice class.
1140	P	No Comments
1141	N	He is a very nice professor and his quizzes are fairly easy. As long as you briefly review his slides and pay attention to the math problem examples before the quizzes, you can easily ace his class. He doesn't give much mandatory HW. His behavior can be slightly nonchalant leading to boring classes at times, but overall he earns my recommendation.
1142	N	Biostats for GPH could be a really engaging course, but the way Roberts taught it made it fall flat. Students could ask clarifying questions in class, but there was an expectation that everyone would somehow already comprehend every concept whether or not they had any quantitative background. Made for a frustrating semester for most in the class.
1143	N	Prof Roberts expects everybody to be at his level but he lacks the point that we are students there to learn it. If you are so bothered with questions that we ask you, how does learning happen then? He gets annoyed with us asking questions to get some more clarification which he doesn't actually give any. Take the course from someone else if possib
1144	N	Prof. Roberts seems to have no respect for his students, even when they try their best to improve their performance. He consistently rolls his eyes at students when they ask questions and goes out of his way to make them feel stupid. He grades very harshly but gives no productive feedback. Absolutely would not recommend!
1145	N	Worst professor and class is 100% of my stress. Not only is he a harsh grader and a bad professor, he harasses his students through not only his constant eye rolling but through antagonizing their intelligence on papers and through what he mutters under his breath whenever a student asks a question. Unapproachable. Save yourself please.
1146	N	He doesn't care for his students and will not answer your questions. All of his assignments and tests are arbitrary and he never gives clear directions for anything. If you get a point off of an assignment/exam you have no room to improve. He gives a lot of attitude to the students and is very degrading. Do NOT take him as a prof.
1147	N	He doesn't provide much clarifications for exams and then is a very tough grader. He often rushes through things and gets kinda frustrated if you don't understand or ask any additional questions. Not the warmest guy. doesn't seem like he wants to be there. Definitely not the worst, but if have the opportunity to take another prof, consider it.
1148	P	Roberts provides you with the minimum but in general its very easy to follow. He likes things in a very specific way so as long as your write down exactly how it is in class you'll be ok. He does take point off for the smallest things, kind of annoying. I found him funny. Class is easy as long as you have a good understanding of math.
1149	N	Roberts gets really irritable when you ask him questions and isnt great at explaining things. I would take Biostats with a different professor if at all possible. Also a large portion of the grade is group projects so get ready to suffer.
1150	N	It is pretty clear that Prof. Roberts does not care about his students and that he is only at NYU to do research. He does the bare minimum for students. Won't give any extra help for special circumstances. Biostatistics is mainly graded by the group project, so if you're given a bad group then you will not do well in this class.
1151	N	Fun professor, you should take him if math isn't your thing.
1152	P	If math isn't your thing, you'll have to work slightly harder. Otherwise, super easy as long as you do the (minimal) work.
1153	P	Chong is an awesome professor. Took her visual culture class and it was extremely interesting. Lectures and class discussions were very engaging and about relevant topics. Would definitely recommend her as a professor and her class.
1154	P	Song is really an awesome prof. Take her if you have the chance! I learned a lot during the course of her class and she's really caring and passionate about what she's teaching. The material is v accessible, although there is a fare amount of reading.
1155	P	Super informative, engaging, and fun class to learn and participate in. There really are no wrong answers, and the discussions are very comfortable and interesting. She's funny and so passionate about her work and it really extends to the rest of the class when essay time comes around. It seems like a lot of work, but it's really fun and personal.
1156	P	Song is a WONDERFUL professor! I genuinely enjoyed coming to class + doing the readings. Three papers (8-12 pages), midterm, one presentation. Came out of class with a better understanding of what it means for a photograph to (not) be part of a collection. Not like an art history class, no memorization. Lots of room to throw ideas around & explore.
1157	P	Song made this course SO interesting and enjoyable. Her essays require lots of effort but I find myself feeling so satisfied doing the work and applying all that I've learned. You will learn so much from this class (granted that you do the readings and pay attention in lecture) and I can honestly say this is one of my favorite classes at NYU.
1158	P	Song is SO passionate about photography: gives great, captivating, relevant lectures. The work is very manageable on a weekly basis, though she is a tough grader. In the end, she encourages you to make great papers & arguments that you are proud of. She, too, encourages you to see exhibits outside of class! Very nice & approachable..funny, too!
1159	P	Excellent! Down to earth, knowledgeable and in-tune with subject matter. Couldn't ask for a better professor.
1160	P	Chong is a wonderful professor. She welcomes discussion and really relates to every one of her students. Even the most nervous students want to speak up. Class is easy enough: 3 papers and a group pj. Not necessary to read, but helps for papers. Appreciates good writing and opinions. Def reccommend.
1161	P	Song is an absolutely amazing teacher. She relates well to students and is great at facilitating discussion which is free flowing in her class. The class itself is not extremely challenging but is enough to keep up with. Take her class!
1162	P	Excellent teacher, communicates very well with students. Integrates current events very well. Young, funny, down to earth, and its definitely worth taking her class. She's awesome
1163	P	Had Song for Intro to Comm...awesome professor. She's down to earth, lively and in touch with her students and the curriculum at the same time.
1164	P	Amazing professor, extremely knowledgeable, learned a lot from this class.
1165	P	What an incredible professor! Rita explained psycholinguistics to the class in ONE lecture, and before that I wasted a whole semester trying to understand it in Brian McElree's class. That said, she's a great teacher. What an asset to NYU.Very fun class, lots of reading, but you'll learn tons. One of the best psych class I took @ NYU! I miss her!
1166	N	She does want her students to think, yet she stifles what everyone has to say with some research that SHE has conducted already.(sometimes missing your point completely) She has a huge ego. I certainly wanted to learn and work and didn't expect an easy A, but she was very reluctant to help and listen. She has biases towards some students. MusicPsyc
1167	P	I loved this Professor. The students that complain about her are most likely "idiots" just because she wants her students to "think" she is hailed as this horrible professor. I really enjoyed her class and I learned a great deal. Take this class if you are not afraid of learning by working and are not in it for an easy A.
1168	N	No Comments
1169	N	No Comments
1170	N	No Comments
1171	N	No Comments
1172	N	No Comments
1173	N	No Comments
1174	P	Awesome. Best philosophy prof at NYU, too bad he is leaving. Rigorous but laid back and very funny in a world weary way. Kind of like Lurch meets Kripke, but way way hot. One of the only human beings in that department.
1175	P	Matt is pretty engaging and witty - makes a class with otherwise dry material lively and interesting
1176	P	Funny, interesting very easy to talk to and very helpful
1177	P	funny guy who somehow manages to make ancient philosophy interesting. also easy on the eyes :)
1178	N	Very funny and very fun class to take. Almost always keeps you awake and alert and has a very entertaining teaching style. Material not quite interesting, but he makes the best of it.
1179	N	No Comments
1180	N	No Comments
1181	N	Hot but didn't give me the information i needed to know to appease his overwhelming expectations. jeeeeeeez
1182	P	No Comments
1183	N	No Comments
1184	P	Class is based on power point presentations which you can download of your laptop. Tests are a bit tough, but luckily there are a lot of other factors that are a part of your grade. Gives a review quiz at the beginning every class, which means you can take the quiz then leave if you want, but if you wana do well you gotta stay and pay attention.
1185	N	Professor Watts is a great professor. He has excessive knowledge about Nutrition and always wants his students to know more than necessary. But he wont test you on the detailed material. He is a tricky guy when it comes to exams and quizzes but if you study his lecture notes, you should be fine. Highly recommended class and Professor
1186	P	super nice and really easy to talk to. He gives quizzes most lectures which means who have to go but he lets you make them up if you must miss and drops the lowest one. PPTs are very detailed to the point where you can slack off on the textbook and tests aren't too bad either. he's seriously the best and rarely uses the whole 2.5 hours
1187	N	Very nice teacher, easy to talk to but the class periods are so long and he goes really fast through the notes. Tests are not cumulative which is very nice.
1188	N	He's very pleasant,etc. The class consists of lots of powerpoint notes.There are quizzes around every other week, there are 2 midterms and a final.Not a hard class,just do the reading +assignments.However, I got 0 in participation b/c I didn't write on the discussion thing on blackboard.Didn't know it was mandatory. It is. Got B- instead of A-.
1189	P	Shelds is amazing. Informative lectures (usually straight out of the book, so you can underline while he lectures instead of taking notes), quizzes that count for nothing if you do badly, and some kind of ridiculous grading scheme that makes a B- an A. Adore this guy - very knowledgeable, approachable, and understanding.
1190	P	Great teacher! He's very clear about what he expects from students and very fair. He can be a bit tricky on tests but if you pay attention and read you'll do great.
1191	P	I love Sheldon! Organized PowerPoints, fairly easy exams. He's great, really understanding, and helpful.
1192	P	This guys know his material, is extremely down to earth, and is really helpful. I really enjoyed learning about food and our bodies.
1193	P	His teaching style is extremely clear and well organized. The homework assignments are interesting and well-explained.
1194	P	I am a computer science major, but this class was HANDS DOWN my favorite of college so far. Assignments are a breeze, quizzes/tests are not quite easy but easy enough, but mostly I just loved coming to lecture, which balances music and history with good humor. HIGHLY recommended
1195	P	This course "Music and politics" was straight-forward, as long as you read and show up. There is alot of participation which makes lectures glide by. There was alot of writing but I found this better than a final exam although i did not do great on the final paper
1196	P	Loved this class. Fun, enthusiastic lectures. Most of the assignments were actually entertaining to do. Recommended.
1197	N	If you like to write papers take this class. Midterm is submitting four journal entries and final part one is submitting the other journal entries. Also, have about 8 response papers to do throughout the semester. Final is a ten-page research paper. Not an extremely hard class just get ready to write but there manageable
1198	P	This class is really fun and I will miss it. Overall the class isn't difficult at all. It just involves a lot of memorization and it is a challenge a lot of the time to distinguish different genres of music by ear. COPY DOWN EVERYTHING WRITTEN IN BLUE ON THE POWERPOINT SLIDES. Overall I highly recommend the class. I definitely enjoyed it.
1199	N	Okay so if you want to take this class for an easy A, Just DON'T Tooo much to study. Dont expect this class to be easy.
1200	P	Good guy, very tough final exam. Be prepared to know specifics up the wazoo, and I recommend going to office hours, even though I didn't. Overall, interesting class. I won't say enjoyable, because it really wasn't, but worth the take if you're willing to study 100 flashcards for the final. P.S. he kicked a kid out of class for being on his phone...
1201	P	The material is super digestible, the Professor is awesome and very knowledgeable. However, Rock history is a bit of a stretch, it should be Pop History. If you were hoping to cover a specific band he may skip over it. I waited the whole semester to talk about Rage Against the Machine and 0. Just take the class though, don't be that guy, its fun:).
1202	P	There are a lot of required readings, but honestly I didn't read them all and still did decently well in the course. There is attendance and pop quizzes though, so going to class is practically mandatory. But generally this class was interesting and he seemed to really enjoy teaching the subject. He's a super sweet teacher and the class isn't hard.
1203	P	By far the best course I have ever taken. Prof. Tausig is very knowledgeable in his field as well as progressive and down to Earth. Definitely recommend taking any course with him.
1204	N	Horrible professor - speaks with an accent that makes it difficult to understand what he is saying. Gives ridiculously hard midterms and final. 2 homework assignments due per week - Webassign and written hw.
1205	N	Although he's a nice guy, he's a terrible professor. Disregarding the accent, he doesn't know how students' minds think, and consequently will make huge illogical leaps between steps during lecture leaving everyone confused. Homeworks and quizzes are ridiculously difficult; although exams are much easier.
1206	P	always explain with brief but clear proofs, has his own thoughts other than textbooks
1207	P	A really nice professor, smiles a lot. Though the exercises and tests are not super easy, it's not super hard. You can truly learn something in the lecture.
1208	P	sooooooooo nice!!!!!
1209	P	fantastic professor.
1210	N	If you've never taken Calculus before, avoid his class at any cost because you will fail without an outside tutor. I would often get the right answer to problems, but not take the same steps as what he wanted me to and he would take a high amount of points. Also, visiting office hours will get you nowhere. He's just as unhelpful as his lectures.
1211	N	Wei literally reads from the textbook, using the same exact examples, and only looks at the board. English is poor and tests are inconsistent in difficulty. I feel bad because he is such a nice guy, but don't take him
1212	N	Pretty tough not because he is a hard grader or anything, but because he's just not that clear and his TAs are pretty abysmal. Teaches lectures straight out of the textbook so if you follow along with him in lecture it isn't TOO bad. Also means you can skip class and still self-teach. Curves up tests big time cus everyone does terribly.
1213	N	WORST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN. UNCLEAR LECTURES AND RECITATION WAS NOT HELPFUL. HIS ENGLISH WAS EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND AND ALL HE DID WAS REPEAT THE TEXTBOOK. TRY AND AVOID HIM.
1214	P	She's sensational.
1215	P	Absolutely love her! She was SO helpful getting me caught up when I was transferred into her class from the wait list. She's also incredibly sweet and loves to joke around with us and teach us little Korean culture tidbits. For my future Korean classes, I will be trying my hardest to have her when possible.
1216	P	She is the best professor I had in college so far. She is a great lecturer and truly cares for all her students.
1217	P	She's always very helpful in making sure you understand what's being taught. She's very expressive, funny, and she makes class fun.
1218	P	Amazing teacher. Even though my class was mostly of native speakers, she still made each class fun and exciting. Super helpful and encouraging.
1219	P	Nicest teacher and extremely straightforward. Grading is very straight forward - I pretty much knew what grade I was getting all throughout the semester. Work load at the Adv Level is not too much and you only meet twice a week. Awesome professor, I loved taking her class.
1220	P	Really nice and good teacher. If you have to choose between Korean, Chinese, and Japanese, choose Korean because Na Eunju Sunsengnim is the best! She is especially patient with non-native speakers. She is very expressive and makes class really fun
1221	P	Best professor... ever!
1222	P	Interested in taking Korean? This professor will meet and exceed your expectations. One of the nicest professors I've ever had. Lots of assignments, which is normal for any language class, but if you study you'll be fine.
1223	P	Na seonsaengnim is the BEST!!! I barely knew any Korean before I took Elementary Korean I but now that the semester's almost done I can actually hold a conversation in Korean. She's soooooooo helpful, patient, and FUN! You will NOT be disappointed with her, or her class ^^
1224	P	BEST stats professor ever. Way much better than the one in high school. He explains things REALLY clearly. TAKE HIS CLASS!!! He is reallly nice
1225	P	Professor Chen is a nice guy. He cares a lot about his students and was cognisant of our workload and made an effort to reduce stress about the class. That being said, I think his stats class is probably the hardest of the 6-credit stats classes you can take at Stern. It's not easy to do well in the class, but he makes stats bearable.
1226	P	Professor Chen was one of my favorite professors this semester. Since he is so knowledgeable and passionate about Statistics, his lectures are always clear. Even if you are confused, he is extremely willing to help students outside of class. Definitely take his class!
1227	P	Professor Chen was my favorite professor this semester. He is extremely passionate about statistics, which makes learning it easier. Chen really wants all his students to do well and is very accessible outside of class for extra help (go). Although the lectures aren't mandatory, they are really helpful and he gives additionally important info.
1228	P	Professor Chen was my favorite professor this semester. He is extremely passionate about statistics, which makes learning it easier. Chen really wants all his students to do well and is very accessible outside of class for extra help (go). Although the lectures aren't mandatory, they are really helpful and he will give additional important info.
1229	P	He is such a nice professor, one of those you will be grateful having.
1230	P	Professor Xi is definitely one of the best professors I have had in NYU. His lectures are clear and concise with various applications to the real world, thus keeping students from ever getting bored. He is really inspirational, talking about statistics with great passion and is willing to go further than just the lecture in office hours. Take him!!
1231	P	Very lenient. Exams and homeworks follow exactly what you do in class. Lots of examples done in class
1232	P	great man
1233	P	very nice person, easy homework and easy tests
1234	N	Loves to micro manage. Had no idea of what she was doing the entire semester
1235	P	She is one of the best professors in the program.
1236	P	Ther workload is heavy, and her expectations are very high. Don't expect to slack off in this class and come away with an easy grade. One of the best professors I have ever had. She knows her stuff.
1237	P	Dr. Messerli is one of the greatest teachers I have ever had; she is kind, funny, outgoing, helpful, and is incredibly inteligent. Dr. Messerli goes above and beyond to help each and every student achieve their goals while never losing her smile. I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Messerli for any hospitality class.
1238	P	There is alot of work. If you are in SCPS and you work a full time job, you know the conswquences of a graduate class. She is a very good professor and I plan on takin other classes with her
1239	P	I absolutely love her. Best professor in the Hotel School.
1240	P	No Comments
1241	P	Great professor. Lots of work but learn alot of useful skills needed for your career. Fair grader. I would continue taking class with her if I could. She's a great resource!
1242	N	So much busy work. Like an undergrad class. Don't take if you have a full schedule or you work. It's just too much
1243	N	n/a
1244	P	Yeah... who does he think he is, some kind of leading expert or someth... um... ok... delete that. Yeah... doesn't he know about the tuition we pay? if I wanted to know when I'm wrong, I could have gone to community college... he should have been more considerate of my opinions... P.S. JOST IS BRILLIANT!
1245	P	He is simply brilliant. His class was interesting and his insightful comments always instigated great discussions. His passion about his area of research and about psychology in general is inspiring. It was one of the best classes I have ever taken in psychology!!!
1246	N	sometimes students will say something in class that he disagrees with or goes against his own research and you can literally see him trembling with anger right before he starts belittling their observation. freaky weird.
1247	N	patronizing
1248	N	Stay away--especially if it is a small discussion group. If you have any opinions of your own, he will squash them, and make you sorry you ever opened your mouth in class. Couldn't stand this course. Worse class I took at NYU.
1249	N	He IS "authoritarian"--really needed to have tight control of the discussion. If he could have told each person what comment to make, he would have. This makes for a lousy discussion-based class--no free-flowing thought. Kinda weird too. Twitches a lot when he talks, so I think he is high-strung in general and defensive.
1250	P	"smug" and "authoritarian" is definately NOT my impression of him. our class was a good mix of lecture and discussion, and he was adept at working with student comments to expand them into full fledged arguments. He's earned his right to be a bit intimidating, but if you work hard and make an impression, he is extremely approachable and encouraging
1251	N	major full-of-himself pompous prof. i hated this course
1252	P	One of the best professors in Stern. His tests are super tough though however I'd love to take his class again.
1253	P	nice man, horribly difficult exams. attendance only mandatory because he gives daily quizzes (pretty easy, graded leniently by TA). lots of homework and reading the text.
1254	P	Nicest professor ever. From the first day you can tell that he really wants his students to do well and learn. He attempts to get to know everyone as well. There are online assignments and quizzes every class - and I'm grateful for it. Because of them I have a much better understanding of the material than I would have otherwise.
1255	P	He's the nicest guy on the entire planet! Genuinely cares about his students and their success. But don't let this fool you, his course is hard and so are his exams. He is very specific in what he wants as answers to his exams so it is easy to get questions wrong. I recommend this teacher but don't underestimate this class!
1256	P	Nicest guy you'll ever meet. Will meet with you for help whenever. He is very highly recommended. Tests aren't too bad either.
1257	P	Awesome teacher has an amazing accent. Easiest of all the Financial Accounting teachers very straight forward exams and bends over backward to make sure everyone understands all of the material. Highly Recommend.
1258	P	No Comments
1259	P	By far the best professor I've had at NYU. Bends over backwards to help you. Great New Zealand accent.
1260	P	He was a great professor. Always helpful outside of the classroom. Very nice guy. Wants students to do well.
1261	P	A truly inspirational professor, mentor, historian, and individual. My seminar joked that she is a Forrest Gump type of character, in that she was always at the right place at the right time: the Stonewall riots, the LA race riots. She will add a fascinating personal perspective on historical events, and let you see history through a unique lense.
1262	P	I strongly recommend taking Professor Baar--one of the best classes that I have taken at NYU so far.
1263	P	I strongly recommend taking Professor Baar. Her class was enjoyable and insightful. She really wants to see her students succeed, and is more than willing to help at office hours. One of the best classes I have taken so far at NYU.
1264	P	I had her as my freshman seminar teacher and I couldn't be more happy. I won the jackpot with Professor Baar- she is the greatest freshman seminar professor out there. I'm sad for all the kids who won't get the chance to be taught and inspired by her! She is a wonderful human and absolutely hilarious, I will miss her!
1265	P	Baar is not just a teacher, but an inspiration, a role model, a friend. Baar goes above and beyond any expectations that any student has for a college professor. I truly enjoyed taking her Civil Rights course. Not only did I learn a great deal, but I was actually transformed into taking great interest in the topic. If you can, take her class.
1266	P	THE BEST PROFESSOR I have had at NYU. Goes beyond "genuinely caring." She inspires you to think and actually care about the subject instead of just droning on facts, which is what we should be learning. I love that it's not about dates and how, its about why and how it can help us in the modern day grow. You will learn to be a better human being.
1267	P	Genuinely cares about your success in the course. Goes to great lengths to make you interested in the class. Really knows her stuff, and tells many personal anecdotes that I really appreciated. Highly recommend Baar! What a gem!
1268	P	Super nice, great lecturer. The assignments are fun and managable, and she has a ton of inside knowledge. She'll even help you with your research up in the archives! Great person to boot - you gotta take this class.
1269	P	She is an amazing professor, one of a kind. She genuinely cares about her students, and really un derstand that they are there to learn, not to fight for a good grade. Very smart, has a lot of insight and research knowledge. High recommended!
1270	N	I do not doubt her knowledge of mathematics, as she does have a phd. I do, though, doubt her ability to teach. She teaches straight out of the book. Does not explain tough concepts clearly and does not offer any methods to interpret them other than what the book offers. Should be kept away from beginners to math - more advanced students are ok.
1271	P	This was one of the best courses I have taken at NYU. Prof Lushi taught us about many math models used in real world applications. I learned many things, including Matlab programming and typing in LaTex. The final project and presentation are useful things to put in my resume too! I owe this professor a big thanks for this course.
1272	N	Okay teacher. Doesn't put much effort into teaching unless you really press her for it. The lectures is exactly the same as the book, which is a great thing for me since I hate reading. The exam questions are quite easy as they are very similar to homework questions
1273	P	She is a great professor and caring of students learning. I struggled to understand the textbook by myself, so the lectures were super helpful. Luckily the prof made very clear in the lectures about what we absolutely needed to learn, so that helped me do well in the exams and the course.
1274	P	She is great at what she does and is very helpful. If the effort is put in, you will learn a lot. Prof Lushi has inspired me to further pursue math.
1275	N	First of all, she's NOT a good lecturer. If you go to class, chances are you're either going to fall asleep or wish you could be doing something else. Reads her lectures right out of the textbooks, which is why almost half the class never comes to the lectures. Fair grader, so if you really do know what you're doing, you'll easily pass.
1276	P	Midterm was very tough, but fair because she had covered similar questions in class. Homework can be long.
1277	P	She is a good teacher, explains things clearly, is helpful in office hours. Lots of homework, but tests are ok. Fair grading, and nice policy of dropping lowest quiz and assignment scores. Class attendance is not mandatory, but exam questions are easier if you follow the examples from the lectures.
1278	N	Prof Lushi is not the best lecturer. Basically reads off txtbook and its examples, but she wants to help u learn. She tests you on what she taught in lectures but as long as you can do the hwk, you will do fine on your tests. Pretty easy tests, but dont underestimate the class. If you dont go to class and fall behind, you will definitely fail.
1279	P	Fritz is great! He's very animated and detail oriented... not great at time management and is known to have an angry burst from time to time but generally what he says is gold. He's got a great eye for theater and directing
1280	N	Fritz is a cool guy and a smart guy, but I don't think he is very good at critiquing work. In feedback that he gave me, he generally seemed to totally miss the point of my choices, even though other teachers and my peers completely understood. Because of this, he never really said anything helpful to me.
1281	P	Fritz is an absolutely genius. Listen to everything he says.
1282	N	Pretty regular, a little limited in feedback but always willing to answer questions specific to your own growth as an actor.
1283	P	Pentecost was an amazing experience. Thanks Fritz
1284	P	No Comments
1285	P	One of the most useful classes I've taken thus far. A great teacher... an honest teacher... a teacher who's not afraid to tell you that you screwed up, and then lead you to your own conclusions about how to fix it. :)
1286	P	Fritz is incredible. If you don't immediately love him, you really can't call yourself an artist, and should leave the field immediately.
1287	P	My most frustating class, but that's not the teacher's fault. He's a good man and a good teacher.
1288	P	Watching Geluso speak is an adventure. He is super passionate, well-respected, and experienced. His lectures often incorporate stories of his experiences, and while his explanations are often a little hard to follow, his lectures are super interesting and I had him for a class that was easy enough that it didn't matter. Textbook wasn't used at all.
1289	N	I've heard many great things about Professor Geluso and can see why. He is very passionate about teaching Music Tech and has lots of great things to say. However for me he can be hard to follow in class as he brushes through the slides and talks a lot. As someone who isn't an auditory learner, I had to do lots of outside reading.
1290	N	Geluso's not the best at explaining concepts but try to pay attention in class or read the textbook because his slides are pretty useless when it comes to studying for the exams. He's extremely knowledgeable though and fun and cool. Not condescending at all. Always telling all sorts of interesting stories of when he worked with famous artists.
1291	P	Mr. Geluso is a gifted instructor. He really knows what he's doing, and he also does not attempt to B.S. you. He obviously has a continual thirst for knowledge, because he is constantly referring to things he is reading or has read. Very brilliant, and very easy to get along with with.
1292	P	The class is easy and if you listen to him and his stories about working in the studios, you'll find that he knows so effin' much and has been in the game for a while. By far one of the most valuable teachers here.
1293	N	Didn't do much other than listen to his (sometimes questionable) opinion...
1294	P	10 out of 10 Music Tech students agree Paul is the best teacher to get in the program. Really knows his stuff, extremely nice, good sense of humor. Attendance policy is lax, everything is lax actually but at the same time there is a lot of good high quality material he teaches. You will learn a lot.
1295	P	Even though he laughs at his own jokes, he is willing to help. And you can skip his class here and there.
1296	P	Nice guy. Good teacher.
1297	P	He's a nice guy, and he generally gives good grades. Still, the material is extremely boring. Some people enjoy it, and that's fine, but a lot of people were quite bored. If you're interested in philosophy and the theory behind performances, then by all means take this class. Otherwise, you won't really enjoy it, and the readings will be a chore.
1298	P	Sweetest guy, knows what he's talking about. All you could ask for in a class on Realism and Naturalism-- come on people, its not like another teacher would make it breathtakingly exciting. This class is worth taking. You learn a lot by reading, and though its never mandatory, you often want to. Great guy.
1299	P	Genuinely nice guy, though class can be quite boring. Still, movie screening days are optional and he picks some unusual adaptations.
1300	P	Genuinely nice person, means well, helps alot. he doesnt like to give bad grades, really trying to teach people. I think he is just a sweetheart
1301	P	He is the sweetest man. He wants you to do well and is very understanding. A tad boring, until the class makes it interesting by really getting into the discussions. He is very intelligent and gets excited when he says something witty. Take the class.
1302	N	He is a really nice guy and has some witty moments but for the most part, the material is not that interesting and if there was more discussion the class would be more exciting...
1303	N	warning, warning. stay away. a total bloviating prig. why is he teaching theater? a typical academic totally out of touch with the typical NYU drama student.
1304	P	No Comments
1305	N	I found it VERY difficult to focus in this class. Professor has a quiet manner and doesn't speak clearly and concisely. I find it a struggle to stay awake almost every lecture. Most of what I learned in this class, I learned from the readings that I had to do for papers... NOT from lecture. If you like learning during lecture, take another course.
1306	P	All comments are completely true. Hard grader, basically wants a paper on his views, which can get very frustrating. Readings useless, repeats himself many times in unorganized lectures, yet gives helpful sheets of notes. Nice old man who wants to help: will preread your whole paper. If you write what he wants you'll get an A.
1307	P	I had him for Ancient Egyptian Religion and his class was actually pretty good. The notes he makes them before hand and can be very helpful when writing the papers. And he provides all the readings and bibliography for the papers which is also helpful as it saves student time finding texts by themselves. He is also an easy grader, or at least fair.
1308	N	While he he knows what he's talking about, he's a hard grader who gives a boring lecture. An hour-long class became torture so a view of the clock is a must. A nice man, but definitely stuck in 1950s academia, I'd stay away if you can.
1309	N	Makes a potentially interesting topic painful. Course is poorly designed. Class is based on 3 papers, so reading is useless except for those assignments. If attendance weren't taken I wouldn't bother going.
1310	P	Professor Goelet is very knowledged and passionate on this subject, as well as with his job. He is always willing to help. The classes can be a bit tedious at times. My one complaint is the large amount of work for an introductory class, six papers in one semester.
1311	N	Very difficult grader, but always willing to help out. Class feels very tedious by the end of the semester.
1312	P	The class is fantastic. Professor Goelet takes time to give the students all the information necessary and beyond what is needed in class. He is very interesting but don't take him in the morning becasue it is, indeed, a history class.
1313	P	It's cool to meet someone so incredibly knowledgable about such a niche subject as Max/MSP, as well as just digital audio in general. Dude is smart, super funny, and a little awkward. The more you participate the better, because he thrives on questions and gives great feedback. Not a harsh grader, easy-ish homework, very reasonable guy.
1314	P	Very knowledgeable in Max/MSP but sometimes goes quickly through topics that may end you up in confusion. That said, he is accessible for help if need be but you don't make a project until the last 2 weeks.
1315	N	He's wicked smart at Max MSP programming and could answer any question you throw at him, but burns through a lot of information very rapidly each class, to the point you can't quite catch it all the first time. Does not respond to emails very quickly. Expects students to catch on quickly.
1316	P	Peter is great professor. He's extremely knowledgeable in MaxMSP (one of the few) and has a sense of humor. I was very surprised that he takes the time to teach at NYU, seeing as he's frequently on tour performing with Broken Bells (not to mention The Shins).
1317	P	wonderful educator. nyu needs more people like this.
1318	P	The class can be boring if you're not interested in computer music at all. The class is entirely about MAX/MSP. Pete is extremely helpful if you ask for help though.
1319	P	Wonderful teacher. Extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and patient (Max can get pretty tedious).
1320	P	Extremely helpful and clear teacher. He will challenge you, but he will help you make the journey and gain a lot of knowledge along the way. He is a grad student and will one day be a phenomenal full time teacher. *Do not daydream at all in class - if you miss a couple of minutes, you could fall far behind.
1321	P	Carolina DeLuca is one of the best teachers I have ever had! She's clear, extremely knowledgeable, and fair. She is super nice but, don't take advantage of that-she's no fool and she'll see right through your bull. She really cares about teaching and obviously loves her job. She is a compassionate person of outstanding moral character. +she's a fox
1322	P	The woman is the nicest, most encouraging professor I've ever had. If her class is open, TAKE IT!!!
1323	P	Brilliant Woman
1324	P	amazing teacher. one of the best i've ever had
1325	N	Loved her, best language teacher, fun, and gorgeous
1326	P	excellent teacher and excellent class. professor is very fun and attractive. overall a great class. i learned a lot of italian.
1327	P	Great teacher makes learning Italian lots of fun.
1328	P	Had her at Fordham LC for COMP II. Amazing teacher. Loved her lectures. Easy B
1329	P	I had her at Fordham LC. She is brilliant and beautiful but TOO harsh when grading. You must put the effort in if you want above a C. She is a savage with no mercy. You must do the readings and do well on your essays. She will let you rewrite your papers if they sucked. Queen Lea.
1330	N	One of the worst professors I've ever had. There is no clear grading rubric, it is very difficult to determine your grade. Stay away if you want above a C.
1331	N	Fair amount of reading, a couple of essays and several shorter written assignments. Lectures are very content heavy so be ready to take a lot of notes. She can be a bit cool and distant, but she will meet one - on - one if you ask, and she is helpful in making sure you understand. Expects personal analysis and interpretation of texts
1332	P	Had her for comp 2 at fordham lincoln center. She is definitely not as bad as these comments say, especially compared to other comp teachers. The workload isnt bad at all (hw every class, couple of papers), without much effort I pulled a B so if you put the effort in you can get an A. Shes also very helpful outside of class and looks like a model.
1333	N	I had her last year at Fordham Lincoln center, i was contemplating suicide just to avoid going to her class. THE HIGHEST GRADE SHE GAVE WAS A "C"
1334	N	She just started teaching at fordham. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. She says random stuff in class that your suppose to pay attention to and are examined on. The workload is insane, almost 4 papers a week. If you want a grade above a D then stay away.
1335	N	boring class, poorly designed course, but nice professor
1336	P	Hannah is wonderful. Her knowledge of the material and ability to contextualize current events in history makes the class interesting and fun. Her lectures are clear and she is very good thinking on the spot. This was one of the most interesting classes I've taken at NYU. Participation also made the class fun and interactive
1337	P	Hannah is wonderful. Work is reasonable and fun. You will never look at ad the same way again.
1338	P	Hannah is a great professor who is really caring and engaging. The class is not difficult to succeed; 2 group projects and 2 individual projects. There isn't a textbook but "required" readings which students rarely do, but if you actually read them and participate in class you're sure to gain more favor. All around a great class that I'd take again
1339	P	Hannah is one of the best professors at NYU. She is a very professional and great lecturer while at the same time is accessible, caring and helpful. Take her class. Do the readings. You will learn a lot and will be inspired to be a better person. Highly recommend!
1340	P	She is super friendly and helpful. Her lectures are very inspirational and I have learned a lot from her.
1341	P	Hannah is one of the best professors I have had at NYU. Her MCA class is a perfect balance of theories and practices, and she also explains herself very clearly. She is very caring and as long as you work hard, it is not hard to get an A. Her MCA is really fun! Strongly recommend!
1342	P	Loved her so much. She comes across a little cold but is actually incredibly sweet and caring. Participate in class and meet with her about your projects! I barely did readings and was fine, so just know they key points and you're good. Easy to get a B+/A- but nearly impossible to get a perfect score. Definitely the best MCA prof though!
1343	P	Hannah is a solid professor who is very clear on the topics she lectures about. She makes you feel comfortable participating in class, even if you're shy. There are readings for every class, but she explains them in class.
1344	P	Literally the best. His personal life itself is crazy inspiring. He's one of the most caring compassionate professors I had, who would take the time to talk about my writing/life in general. He steers you to become a better writer in the most gentle and humane way possible. So thankful I took his class. Even his lectures were amazing. Take. Class.
1345	P	Prof. Flaherty's course renewed my love for journalism. His stories about work at the Times alone are hugely educational and inspirational. Lectures are witty, entertaining and enlightening. You will learn how to work creativity and life into your pieces in an intelligent, subtle, human way. Most impactful journalism course I have taken so far!
1346	P	What I imagined journalism professors would be like before I came to NYU. So talented. Frank is the kind of professor who nudges you so gently in the right direction that you're a better writer before you even realize he was nudging. Do yourself a favour TAKE HIS CLASS. Any class really, as long as he's teaching it.
1347	P	Frank is a great resource and a fair grader. He'll listen to you and really try to help you do well. Totally recommend. Watch out though, he tends to get a little lecture-y in class and repeats himself a lot.
1348	P	I took The Beat: NY Neighborhoods with him last semester and I loved it. He's a great professor and really knows what he's doing since his job at the NYT is basically NY neighborhoods. He's very knowledgable and gives great writing tips.
1349	P	Prof. Flaherty is a Times editor and one of the best profs in the Journalism Classes spectrum at NYU. Take his class if you ever get the chance. He'll make you a much greater writer and show you so much support. The class is a lot of work but it's worth it. He's a great person and a wonderful teacher.
1350	P	Frank is such a wonderful teacher and mentor. This is a guy who will give great advice when the editor at your internship front-loads you, who will respect your writing interests, and who will be a first-rate reference for your first job. If you can take his class, don't hesitate.
1351	P	He's my hero!! go ny times. you need to take his class, I promise you will fall in love with journalism. it's so refreshing to see someone who really believes in what he does. Plus he's harvard educated and a seriously nice guy.
1352	P	Just a few homework. Midterm and final are easy but also easy to lose points, especially for the short-answer explanation problems. For non-native English speakers, Prof. Wies speak very fast, so be focused if you are taking his lectures; otherwise, self-study! By the way, Prof. Wies never uploads his lecture slides before class.
1353	P	Took programming languages with him, it's excellent. His notes are very clear and he includes code examples you can run yourself. Theres' a lot of homework and you need to start some pretty early to really get them, but they teach you a lot and prep you well for exams. He's also super helpful on Piazza, answers questions almost all day.
1354	P	I took programming languages with him. He provides excellent and succinct notes for all the topics that he teaches, which makes understanding topics a breeze. Really loved the course. He solves doubts on piazza even at 2 am in the morning. Would definitely recommend, would absolutely love to take again.
1355	P	The course materials were excellent and professor was well prepared for the class. One of the best professor I met in Courant. Strongly recommend
1356	P	He is very responsive on piazza, and clears doubt event at 1 am in the morning, it doubts are cleared the moment you have them, it really speed things up. Professor knows a lot, and gives very crisp answers. Would definitely recommend.
1357	P	I took his OOP class this semester. Very helpful. The class notes are very very good (in fact I he can make some money if he's willing to publish the notes). The lectures are not easy, but the homework and project really help me understand the materials.
1358	P	Would recommend principles of programming languages with this professor - lectures and lecture notes were very clear and well explained, and he was always willing to help clarify. Textbook and attendance not really necessary as all the info is in the lecture notes. Pretty straightforward class.
1359	N	Principles of Programming languages what not at all what anyone expected. Most of the class struggled but the professor did not care. The class failed the midterm prompting a 20 point curve but the professor said we weren't trying hard enough. There were often mistakes in the hw code that wouldn't get noticed until the due date. Wouldn't Recommend.
1360	P	Professor Paliwoda is certainly passionate about his studies and will lead you into that mood. The class was great but I think he is not an easy grader. Need to work hard to get an A.
1361	P	Dr. Paliwoda was an incredibly caring professor whose course was quirky and inspiring, connecting often to the city. His homework is minimal but interesting, and his grading is clear and fair. He was also very accessible outside of class and office hours were always very helpful. Essays were personal and the topics broad enough to allow creativity.
1362	P	The class is all about war, so it can be a bit depressing. However, I learned a lot and was exposed to a lot of new things. There are next to no tests/quizzes, besides the final, and only two papers.
1363	N	He is an easy grader but his lectures are boring and sometimes depressing
1364	N	His lecture is usually boring but he's chill about late assignments. He takes attendance sometimes
1365	P	subject material was really interesting, but the classes got a bit repetitive sometimes. He's really nice, and if you hand in your paper a bit late he's chill about it. Lots of papers though, most of them short (1/2 pages) but a couple long . but he's an easy grader, i got an A on my first paper. also guest speaker. Def participate he loves it
1366	N	Professor Paliwoda is not exactly inspiring, but an easy A. We watched some interesting movies in class. If you answer questions in class, he'll like you. Easy grader.
1367	P	Prof. Paliwoda was an exceptional Writing I professor. The course theme of Hope and Cynicism was hugely interesting and offered flexibility in terms of paper topics. There are readings for each class, but they are light and interesting. I went to office hours before each paper was due and always got super helpful feedback. Very much recommend.
1368	P	This guy knows everything about Dante. Literally one of the most engaging and funniest professors at NYU. Sure, he rambles and makes a lot of Aeneas references, but all you have to do is read Dante and you're golden.
1369	N	Incomprehensible lectures. Full of references to authors not assigned for the course who you've never read. I have no idea what he's talking about. Even when he says something that might be interesting, it's unclear what he means and he never explains it, even when you ask.
1370	N	Professor Frecerro had interesting lectures and he's a pretty funny guy and very knowledgeable in most things. However, you either make or break this class depending on your teacher assistant. Take this class because it's interesting but be ready to work if you got the harder t.a.
1371	N	Take his ConWest class if you can! His lectures are very interesting and hes a lot of fun to listen to. No midterm or final, just 3 papers and some recitation assignments and quizzes. My TA was really great too, very knowledgable and helpful.
1372	P	Loved this class, loved the professor. Lectures were always interesting, and readings were better than those of other Con West classes. Definitely one of the easier Con West sections. Three papers and a few quizzes, that's it really. TAs do the grading. Take this if you can.
1373	P	The guy knows his Dante. I had the privalige of studying under Freccero at NYU in Florence way back in '97. He took the time to buy his students dinner and was open to all ideas for term papers. Great guy.
1374	N	He is unbelievably brilliant. He won the National Prize for Italian Studies from the Italian government. The class is really, really hard (as is Dante). But if you can keep up, it's really good class.
1375	P	The course in physio basis of abnormal was excellent. I took psychology courses before and now have a good understanding of what neuroscientists have learned about the biology of mental illness. Professor Carr gives clear and well organized lectures and patiently answers questions. He is also very helpful in guiding research. Really good prof.
1376	N	Worst class I have ever taken.
1377	N	Took Physio Basis of Behavior with Prof. Carr. Your entire grade is based on two tests, and the test material comes mostly from the reading, but the lectures are really important in synthesizing the material. He is very knowledgable but his voice is very soothing. Start studying for the exams on week one, it's a lot of information.
1378	P	took this class for my first semester of grad school, it's definetely not a hard class but if you've learned alot of the material in undergrad and think taking this class should be an easy refresher one word, dont. It's really hard to stay focused, his voice can be very mellow and put you to sleep. Take another core class for sure.
1379	P	His class was the best in this program. Loved it!
1380	P	He is very smart and clear even on the complex topics. I really learned a lot from his lectures. The textbook is intense, lots of material you need to cover before every session, but it really worth it specially if you want to learn about biological basis of behaviour!
1381	P	Extremely clear, even on difficult and complex subjects. Dr. Carr is an excellent teacher.
1382	N	He was one of the most interesting lecturers of the course. He is passionate about his work, and his topics may not be the easiest, but his portions of the test are very straightforward.
1383	N	YOU WILL MISS THIS MAN WHEN HE LEAVES. His material wasn't the easiest, mainly because it was cellular respiration and photosynthesis, but he's a great professor.
1384	P	His test was pretty hard, I could only get a 85 on this test. He's pretty nice, and a lot better than the other teachers you will have for principle of biology
1385	P	He's a really fantastic professor. A very sweet and approachable man too. He tends to go pretty fast in his lectures but he makes the topics engaging and understandable. I wish he taught the entire course of Biology instead of just a month.
1386	P	He's totally awesome and it's easy to follow his lectures. I applied for his plant evolution lab and I hate evolution and plants and bio in general, if that tells you anything. I enjoy bio much less now that he's not lecturing.
1387	N	One of the good bio professors, and asks easier questions on exams. Good lecturer, a very calm man. When you have him you don't know how great he is, but you miss him when you realize how awful all the other professors are.
1388	P	had him for a freshman seminar on food species domestication. it was pretty interesting and he was really nice and totally chill.
1389	N	Smart guy but can't teach. Terrible course layout, bad grading system ... You won't learn a thing about actual micro theory.
1390	N	Lousy Prof - what a joke. Ask him about the unsavory comments that he made about Asian names at CA.
1391	N	Avoid! Avoid!
1392	N	Try to avoid this professor.
1393	N	Dr. Hodge really cares about his students, and tries hard to communicate his enthusiasm to his class. That said, he sometimes gets tangled up in his own notes, and wastes a lot of time before realizing he's made a mistake. Class not as rigorous as I expected for grad level. Still, one of the best core class profs in the MA program
1394	P	Had him to Math for Econs. Explains the math very well and can relate to people who aren't overly math-inclined. Seems to be a nice guy too. He wants you to succeed. Lots of HW.
1395	N	worst teacher in history.
1396	P	He improved his teaching method from is1. Helpful person
1397	P	Nice guy wants everyone to pass and realistic about skill sets from students. I think he is very smart and has a more relaxed approach to teaching which is a nice change.
1398	N	Not teaching, talk about random stuff that is not related to class. When students ask questions, he did not clarify what he meant and then even confused students. He did not prepare for the class and give papers back to students on time.
1399	N	I think this is the smartest man I've ever met.
1400	N	Too much reading!
1401	N	Very strict and expects you to be prepared.
1402	N	Boring!
1403	N	Had him for texts and ideas. Really bad teacher. Way too much reading. Takes attendance at lectures but doesn't talk about anything substantial (I slept every lecture after the first five weeks and got an A, but it wasn't fun). He says a lot of words but doesn't actually communicate any useful information. Very pretentious and self absorbed.
1404	N	He expects you to be a recording device when taking note. If you miss a word he said, you have to ask someone else you know. The midterm is long and mostly about how fast you write. The best thing about this class is the TA.
1405	N	Lectures convoluted, made worse by him reading right off his notes. Barely goes over the assigned texts. Superiority complex clear from the first class, highlighted by his need to act like a petulant child regarding students using technology. If he wants to raise his voice at students to feel superior, he may better suited to teaching high school.
1406	N	Terrible professor. Unprepared, uninformative. Assigned a full essay due the second week of class without explaining his expectations for the assignment. TA in recitation is far more helpful. Reads off a script in lecture, and covers very little material for the number of texts he made required and the amount of reading that needs to be done
1407	N	He is very unclear during lectures and poorly guides the readings. He tries to make a connection between the texts, but it's a poor connection which only makes things more confusing. The readings take FOREVER, about a book a week. The TA's grade ridiculously hard on assignments. Whatever you do, believe this one post, and DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS
1408	N	I love Jay as a person. He's the best. But he is really fit for small lectures. Didn't come across the same in the giant texts and ideas class I had him in. His lectures in this big, impersonal format were strangely lacking... TAs saved the course though, made it clear and wonderful and quite honestly an easy A.
1409	P	Jay is the best! This class on autobiographical writing was both interesting and engaging. You read a lot of books, but the workload is light, only two major papers. I love this class and this teacher...try and take!!!
1410	P	Prof. Marcelle is super intelligent and nice. He talks about lots of trendy events. There're lots of choices of topics for the final paper, and the weekly responses are not graded based on quality--you just do it. But you'd better take notes carefully during lectures because he puts some ideas altogether. He is always humorous!
1411	N	tbh he isn't that great, he's an easy A but I didn't learn anything in that class and I would never take again, people will rate him high bc it's super easy but it was so boring and not worth my time at all because he doesn't actually teach
1412	P	Brilliant teacher, kind and flexible beyond reason. Need extra time? no problem. Can't make it to class? We all have bad days. Reading is encouraged but not required, he engages mostly in relevant conversation topics and tries his best to explain philosophers' ideas in contemporary terms. Don't be scared by his orthopedic shoes, he's a darling.
1413	P	this prof is so great. one of the best teachers i had at nyu, i would 100% take his class again. definitely read in order to get the most out of it, you dont have to if you dont want to. participate!!! it makes it so fun. this man is a genius, he really knows what hes talking about and is also extremely passionate. good man who loves his job!
1414	P	Great professor, great guy. One of the few I went to consistently. Amazes me how he knows so much about the content (lectures the exact length of class without notes!) and can still break it down into very easy to understand and very clearly defined concepts. Reading not necessary, just take good notes and pay attention! favorite professor by far
1415	P	He is a real Gem. probably one of the most knowledgeable people I have ever met, which he knows. he loves to drop off fun facts about the world in his lectures. Do not be afraid to participate, it makes the class more fun and I think he enjoys it more that way. He will often crack at political jokes.
1416	N	Only have some short responses for completion marks, the midterm (graded tough), and final essay. Lectures extremely boring and very hard to understand the point. You only have to do the readings for the first half of the semester but there are a lot. Super nice person, but not a great teacher. Doesn't always take attendance.
1417	P	i took this prof for MCB2. his lectures were really interesting. he made such complex concepts digestible. his slides can be daunting, but if you just focus on what he says during lecture recordings and you'll be fine. he often calls testable material 'his favorite' so be on the lookout for that.
1418	P	Prof. Christiaen was an amazing professor - the material for his portion of dev bio was really difficult, but he was really great at breaking down concepts and making them relatively simple to understand. He's also very funny. Textbook wasn't necessary, but helped. Tests were difficult but fair - pay attention in lecture and re-watch recordings.
1419	P	The more classes I take at NYU, the more I appreciate him. Lectures are dense but very clear and interesting. He repeats important concepts so you are clear on what to study for exams. I'm sad that he's not teaching more classes :(
1420	P	His teaching style overall takes some getting used to. The lectures are very clear, well-structured and informational (also slips in sassy comments and jokes in his monotone). The tests were not memory-based but focus on experimental design and logic. I didn't like him much during MCB II but definitely enjoyed DevBio a lot!
1421	N	explains concepts decently - most of the time. best to go to lectures and ask questions because he leaves gaps in knowledge + textbook sucks + his recordings fail quite often. good thing is he's v clear about what he considers testable info, so it's easy to predict questions. do any and all practice exams you can find, he repeats questions.
1422	P	Squeezes a lot of detail into his lectures. The subject is a bit complex, but he does a good job making it easier to understand. Textbook use depends on your learning style (I got by with mostly just the lecture slides). Tests are tough so be very thorough when studying.
1423	P	Very clear, mostly focuses on broader concepts rather than specific details. The lecture slides are the most important so don't really worry about the book too much.
1424	N	Your grade for this class is only based on two things: your midterm and your final. There is not a lot of opportunity to boost your grade. And even if you do well on the midterm, getting an A is still extremely difficult unless you are close with the professor. Tests are 6 essay questions and by the end of the exam, I needed to ice my hand.
1425	P	You're going to have to go to lecture, or at least listen to the recording, because he packs those things with information. However, they are amazing. You can tell Movshon really likes the material (especially the visual system), he makes class and material entertaining, and is always happy to answer questions. It's an incredible class.
1426	N	Tony tries to get through a lot of material in a single lecture, but go to his office hours because he is actually very helpful when he is explaining things 1 on 1. Make sure that you read the textbook because it can be very helpful (not for every topic). The class is incredibly difficult and exams are graded harshly but 30% of the class gets an A.
1427	N	Tony is a genius and a very smart guy. The only problem I have with him is that he goes super fast and super in-depth with the material. The exams are tough and he is a tough grader. It's hard to get everything in class so you must read the textbook (which is incredible) and supplement with the lectures and ask questions. Overall hard but cool prof
1428	P	Phenomenal professor. Very eloquent and well spoken. Commands the class atmosphere as any great professor should. Teaches you more than you need to know but after all that's what learning is about. Don't come in here expecting it to be easy. Be prepared to work. Record your lectures. Your recordings will be your best friend come exam time.
1429	N	Movshon is an awesome guy, but not a very good lecturer. He's a genius, but tends to go too in depth during lecture to the point where it's hard to take notes or keep up. Record the lectures if you end up taking this class, because you'll want to listen to them again. He posts the lecture slides but the textbook is your best friend.
1430	P	One of the most amazing people I ever met. This is a weed out class and it's not easy. He teaches very quickly and it's hard to keep up, but this man is a genius. He is also incredibly friendly and helpful. He is very eloquent and a beautiful speaker. Grading is tough but that does not detract from my view of Movshon. Love this guy!
1431	P	I know Professor Peck is a truly caring person and is willing to assist you any time you need help. However, there are only 2 papers to be graded. I screwed the first one really bad as a C+. So I had to work extra hard on the second paper. Readings are long and heavy but interesting. I nearly P/F the course but he is REALLY CARING.
1432	P	Great professor and great person. Was happy to talk about your thoughts on the paper beforehand. He made himself accessible to help me with my professor despite his having issues with his back. Very caring professor. Learned a ton from him. Highly recommend taking his class on Vietnam War.
1433	P	Professor Peck is more than a great teacher, he is a really nice person. His classes are interesting if a little info-heavy at times, but he does a fantastic job of explaining everything that you can't help but be interested. There is a LOT of reading per class, but if you pay attention during the lecture you'll get the main points.
1434	P	Professor Peck is my history honors advisor. Very knowledgeable and approachable. He's a close friend to many of the China Hands in the State Department and has a ton of connections in China as well. He teaches how to read primary sources, which is a must if you are gonna major in history. Grade aside, you simply won't regret taking his class.
1435	P	Great professor and very patient and helpful too outside class. The class is not hard but there are quite some readings assigned. Overall an easy A class with interesting content
1436	P	Easy class if you come to class and do at least a majority of the reading. Take-home exams, a couple short 5 page papers. Professor very knowledgable in his area of Asia in time of 50s-80s. Very nice, wants students to engage with him during lectures. Watch a lot of related movies and documentaries.
1437	P	Incredibly smart guy. His lectures are very well-organized and informative. He assigns a ton of reading, but I ended doing it all because the books were so good. Hard class, but well worth it.
1438	N	Terrible all around. Condescending even if you are a hard worker. Does not explain things clearly. Mistakes in slides, which are extremely disorganized. When people ask her questions, she tries to shut them up so she does not have to answer them, and makes you feel bad about it on top of it. Any other professor but her. Ugh.
1439	N	I liked this professor in the beginning, but then I learned how unflexible she is. She always talks in this soft voice, so it can seem like she is being nice, but actually she is talking down to you. Her lectures are disorganized and hard to follow (and boring). The only good thing is that she wrote the book, so its like a repeat of the lecture.
1440	N	Agree with everyone else. She is very spacey/disorganized/unclear and it's a drag to sit through her class. She can patronize and disrespect you all while smiling and speaking softy (my guess is she is always trying to reduce her vocal effort, but still wanting to take jabs at you).
1441	N	she is one of the worst teachers i have ever had. she is totally unorganized, patronizing, and downright bizarre. she is not helpful and is mean spirited.
1442	N	unorganized, unhelpful, unfair, mean, makes a lot of mistakes and will never admit to them. on a test, if you wrote something from your notes and she marks them as wrong, but you show her it was what she mentioned in class, points will not be rewarded. total ****
1443	N	She really wants you to learn the material, which is great, but she doesn't know how to teach it. She will make errors all over her notes and worksheets, but will never admit to them and will expect you to know what's write and wrong.
1444	P	Chris Straayer is a genius. We love him. Film theory is so much less painful with him teaching it.
1445	P	Chris is fantastic!
1446	P	My favorite class since starting my film MA- her focuses are more interdisciplinary, interesting and evocative. She is easy going and fluid and open to hearing other perspectives. She allows students to take ownership of their own work and focus on their interests. Really cool professor, it is a lot of work but it's exciting and invigorating
1447	P	One of best profs I ever had in film school. A life changer
1448	P	I took the Almodovar class with her in summer term. It was a lot of fun. She really makes sure you're doing the reading and more or less forces you to participate, so definitely keep that in mind. But, she also emphasizes that she values that more than the final paper, so trade-off there. Great class, and she is a good professor -- take!
1449	P	Film Theory is a difficult class that is very dense in its concepts and readings, but Prof. Straayer attempts to make it understandable for us poor undergrad students and for the most part succeeds. Lectures a bit long and sometimes dull, grade based on two papers which seems daunting but it's really not that awful.
1450	P	Billy is really friendly and easy-going. Class is pretty straight-forward and it's very easy to get a good grade. Overall a good class, and you definitely learn a couple of things you don't usually think about. Overall I highly recommend him, his snarky sense of humor and sincerity towards his students make class interesting and fun to attend.
1451	P	He's super clever, almost to a fault, but will teach you how to rock any interview. A funny and engaging teacher who (unlike many NYU professors) acknowledges that his class is not the be-all-end-all of higher education, but rather a great opportunity to learn useful life skills. Definitely recommended.
1452	P	If you take interviewing strategies be sure to get Billy. The class was not only fun, but helpful. He isn't out to ruin any GPAs and work load is pretty easy. Enjoyed the class a lot.
1453	P	Very fun, made our class enjoyable. Tried to be funny. Always willing to answer my questions and available for appointments!
1454	P	He always has helped me out, and I can always get an appointment when I need one. Much cooler than the other ones, and he responds to my email questions.
1455	N	Worst advisor ever. Won't make time for you and when he does he does not know the answer to any of your questions, tells you to go elsewhere. Stick with one of the other advisors who has been there a little longer. Billy needs to lose the attitude.
1456	P	Universally beloved, and rightfully so. If you show up, pay attention in class, and take some light notes, you'll learn a lot and do VERY well on tests. If you don't really pay attention, you can honestly still pass. Daryl can make the most mundane topics seem interesting and worthwhile, and he has a great sense of humor. ily Daryl
1457	P	He is funny with puns. This course is interesting but also very confusing bc there is a lot of math which I am terrible at even with calculator and all these material are new to my life, which I am afraid I can't pass this class including the tests or presentations. I might get an D or F even if I am trying hard. Wish me best luck, readers. Thanks.
1458	P	He is a great teacher. There is a lot to look forward to when you have Daryl on your schedule.
1459	P	Daryl is the BEST. very funny and smart. so approachable. made a fairly boring subject (and a required class for me) SO enjoyable. definitely take his class if you are interested in anything stagecraft!!!
1460	P	The most approachable professor in the world. A wonderfully friendly guy who cares about theater immensely.
1461	P	Amazing professor, very understanding and cares a lot about his students. Explains things in a way that is both crystal clear and humorous. Discussions of nails and hammers have never been so riveting. Crew hours are only tough requirement, but worth it for the full stagecraft experience. Awesome class.
1462	P	I took Mod american drama and History of Drama 1 with Roger Oliver. Attendance is not mandatory but I always felt guilty missing a lecture. He's great- he loves the subjects and he likes teaching. Not a very interactive class but he knows so much! Pretty easy grader too. Definitely recommend.
1463	P	One of the best professors I've had at NYU. His lectures are always interesting, sometimes more than the plays themselves, so even though attendance isn't mandatory I highly recommend going. Midterm, final, paper. Cute little man, too.
1464	P	I absolutely love Professor Oliver!! Attendance is not mandatory but I rarely missed his 9:30am class. He does not pressure anyone to talk, there are no frivolous quizes, and he does not trick his students. He went to Stanford and knows everything about theatre. He is so passionate, and while if you sit and listen you will learn so much!
1465	P	While it is easy to get a good grade, you cannot help but learning in his classes. To the reviewer who claimed he wandered in his lectures, this may be true, but it was always to the point, which is getting the most out of these texts. He's great, take his classes!
1466	N	Nice professor, straight forward assignments, interesting texts-easy in that it isnt difficult to get a good grade, but i still feel like i learn from him.
1467	N	Prof. Oliver means well...but he can't help that his class is somewhat boring. He never stays on track with what you are talking about, which is why attendance isn't mandatory. Overall the texts are interesting because they are historical dramas, but the class is not interesting. At all.
1468	N	Took her for calc 3 this semester and it was a nightmare. I came to this class loving math and doing well with adequate studying. The amount of effort I put into this class and am hoping to get a C. She runs through the material and does not explain it well. Do not take this class!!!
1469	P	Had her for Calc III, which is a tough subject to begin with. I felt she explained everything pretty well, but definitely take advantage of office hours for clarification--she goes over things really quickly in class. Challenging class, but she tries to make it as manageable as possible. Recommend.
1470	N	Took Quantitative Reasoning: Math Patterns in Nature with her. The class was really easy but frustrating because the class moved so slowly. Full of useless information too. Definitely what you want to take if you're not a math person and don't care about learning math...
1471	N	Way too much work and not enough explaining, but if you get it all done - work with other ppl, youll be fine. meet with her and she'll explain a lot better
1472	N	Very nice and approachable, but not very good at explaining. She's a bit too tough on grading considering what we learn in lecture is basic compared to the application problems on the exams.
1473	N	This was her first semester to teach. She is very nice, but an extremely tough grader and creates hw problems far beyond what is taught in class. I get it that she is trying to push the students, but no time is spent reviewing the work to ensure we understand and have the math accurate.
1474	P	Zeb is an amazing professor. He makes the subject really enjoyable and fun. I wouldn't say its an EASY A but it's definitely a class where if you put in the time and do the readings, you will get an A. People told me it was an easy A but that's misleading - he really requires you to keep up with the readings and to produce good essays
1475	P	He makes an uninteresting subject (at least for me) very interesting by teaching us the subject in a clear, concise and relatable manner. Yeah history can be boring but Zeb really knows how to make you understand the ideals and events, giving me "hm i never knew that" moments. There's alot of reading, but he (kinda) lets us knows which ones matter.
1476	P	Very manageable class as long as you read the assigned docs/books. There is A LOT of reading but Zeb really hints which ones are important. Your grade consists of 4 essays, 1 midterm, and 1 final - all of which are not that bad. I think I only read 20-30% of the material but still got an A for the course. Really informative class and I enjoyed it.
1477	P	so passionate about the class, and very chill about everything. :)
1478	P	The profesor is young and makes the class extremely interesting! If you know a little bit of Spanish and follow the readings, its an easy and enjoyable A.
1479	P	The instructor is clearly very interested and passionate about the subject matter! He is informed about the course material and makes the effort outside of class time to find out anything the students might wonder. Very enthusiastic and engaging. Makes the class interesting.
1480	P	Lectures, short(5 to 20 pages) snippet readings for each class, 3 random pop quizzes, one paper and 2 exams. If miss pop quizz you miss those points. NEED TO ATTEND CLASS(95% of all questions is something that he mentioned). It is really easy to get a B but hard to get an A. He says "that is interesting" after a person gives an opinion.
1481	P	Drew is an incredible guy. He's extremely well-informed about the topics, because he is truly passionate about the subject matter. He's chill, but still finds great ways to motivate students to think critically and engage with the material. Take any of his classes that you can!
1482	P	Professor Thomases is great at selecting relevant material and guiding class discussions around the assigned readings. He helped create an atmosphere of safe-sharing for all, and welcomed everyone's thoughts as he encouraged us to dig deeper. Really though, the guy is super cool and you should take his class.
1483	P	Professor Thomases maintained an atmosphere of tolerance and sensitivity in our discussion based class where many student had varying opinions on ongoing religious/ political conflicts in South Asia. The readings were chosen carefully from a variety of academic disciplines and Professor Thomases was always approachable, friendly and helpful.
1484	P	Professor Thomases is a phenomenal instructor and encourages student participation. The class structure focusses on discussion and analyses of reading material. Professor Thomases always brings up relevant and interesting examples from his own research work. He offers great feedback on paper proposals etc and is very approachable and helpful.
1485	P	Drew is a fantastic professor. There's a fair amount of reading in this course not too much but you'll want to keep up. He gives very easy pop quizzes so if you show up to class, you'll get an A.
1486	P	Had him for texts and ideas which is a class everyone hates. Lecture is not mandatory but I actually loved attending them, the concepts he talks ab are extremely interesting and thought provoking. The readings are long and complicated but I would definitely take a class w him again he's a very interesting man with a lot to say
1487	N	His lectures have nothing to do with the readings and he just rambles on and on repeating the same ideas. What a waste of time attending class. The most useless class Ive taken thus far
1488	N	His lectures are not the most exciting things in the world but if you actually pay attention and listen to what he is saying, he talks about some really interesting concepts. It can be tempting to skip lectures because there really is no penalty but it pays off in the end to attend. Plus it's just polite.
1489	P	Iampolski is AMAZING! :) His class is basically his philosophy on life and all other things interesting and it often seems rambly and unstructured but in the best way possible.
1490	P	Professor Iampolski rocks my socks. He may be a little hard to understand at times, but he is the nicest man in the world and unless you are a complete retard, will give you a decent grade.
1491	N	Iampolski is the most Russian man in the world. In all the right ways. He's a little hard to understand with his accent, but he's so knowledgable about the subject, that you fight through it. If the topic doesn't interest you, though, don't expect him to reel you in. But definitly one of the best classes I've taken. Hes a lot of fun.
1492	P	Professor Thomas is an inspirational person. He tries his best to explain every writing assignment and makes sure everyone get it. He is accessible outside of the class, just email or talk to him after class - he is a very nice guy! He might be a tough grader, but if you work hard and understand the reading materials, you will be successful!!!
1493	N	He doesnt clearly explain his standards for the papers he assigns and Hes a heavy grader.
1494	N	You may have been good at writing before, but if you aren't flexible enough to change your writing style to his, then you won't get good grades. His teaching style is not the greatest either since he might appear to be patient at first, but then become frustrated if you question him for commenting something on your essay.
1495	P	Professor Thomas is one of the best professors Ive ever had at NYU. Hes more concerned with making sure that students produce their best work than he is with reaching a certain deadline. He gives great feedback, hes funny, and he makes class interesting (to the point where you forget that youre in class). You will have to work for your grade.
1496	N	I don't really prefer this professor because he has a very selective taste, you literally have to change your whole writing style to his standards to even get an A. I feel as if he can be an amazing professor if he really opened his mind, but unfortunately this is not the case. If you get this professor, PREPARE YOURSELF.
1497	P	Amazing Writing I professor. He is always motivated to teach, and the classes are interesting. I recommend this professor without a shadow of a doubt
1498	P	One of my fave professors at NYU! He really makes the objectives within the case studies clear and breaks it down into simpler terms for better comprehension. Paul also answers any of your questions. He's very in touch with the current media market and is overall engaging. Please take a class of his if you can. He is such a nice man.
1499	P	Hardart is very nice and open. He encourages participation and genuinely cares about what each student has to contribute. For a course required by the BEMT minor, he is the best way to get it done. However, the course gets very repetitive and never provides anything to novel or interesting. I wouldn't way I learned anything new.
1500	P	Extremely knowledgeable in the fields of entertainment and marketing. Incorporates his real life experience into class discussions. Wants to hear from students- randomly calls on you, but never embarasses you. Grade consists of case studies and a big group project. Fair grader, clear expectations and accessible outside of class. Best professor ever
1501	P	Professor Hardart is an overall great teacher. He is knowledgeable about the entertainment industry and is passionate about the subject. I would have liked to dive deeper into specific entertainment subjects, but that being said, if you put the effort into this class, you should do fine.
1502	N	Whoever wrote the first review was lying. Professor Hardart grades harshly and won't re-adjust. Lectures are long, case studies are fun, but graded harshly. Unresponsive to emails and apathetic to student input. It's a 2 credit course, it shouldn't be taken so seriously or graded like a 5 credit course. Take another professor if you can.
1503	P	If you have the chance to take Paul, do it! He is a wonderful professor who is devoted to fostering a passion for marketing within his students. He offers career help outside of class, talks down the jargon to a very relatable level, and uses real world examples to illustrate points. Really great professor
1504	P	Hilarious professor. He was put in a tough situation of teaching Classical and Quantum Waves in place of Physics III when none of has had the math background. He did the best he could with what he was given and I feel I walked away knowing waves really well.
1505	N	He uses his lectures as 30% stand-up routine, 20% side-tracked rambles, and 50% actually teaching, though the teaching portion is highly disorganized and he spends most of his energy deriving things on the board for himself that he really should have written down in advance. You basically have to teach yourself from the textbook to know anything.
1506	N	This class is fine if you have an essay TA has the lab reports are the most important. However, he doesn't teach very well so lecture isn't helpful. The lab reports and coding assignments were extremely demanding even though they should be easy assignments. Drops two lowest grades so I didnt have to take the final. Was rude to me at office hours
1507	N	has no chill
1508	P	Awesome dude, there to help, very entertaining lectures
1509	P	Really good professor. If you do your work and go to class. You should be fine.
1510	P	She is an amazing teacher and truly cares about her students (hence her profession.) Make sure to read the instructions very clearly, because she will deduct points if you miss small things, but overall fair grader, and when available use examples from outside world (i.e. interview a teacher, etc.) She values student discussion.
1511	P	Accessible, approachable, knowledgeable. Cares about student success.
1512	P	loved her.. learned a lot.. sweetest teacher ever
1513	P	Intense work load. Would have gotten the same out of the class with 50% less work. She is pleasant though and smiles a lot. Very available.
1514	P	She does alot of teaching from the book, but that is much due to the class, I presume. Anyhow, she is very very nice, and very avalible to talk. She grades fairly, and gives alot of work, but it is fair, and spreads out the grades! Nice prof.!
1515	N	Inflated sense of self importance, very intolerant of creativity and other ways of thinking beyond her own. Generally a disappointment for a class that should be a highlight.
1516	N	I took her class at a different school. She's a nightmare. Unprofessional, emotionally unstable, unrealistic. She simply is not fit to teach. (And I got a good grade).
1517	N	Horrible, unproffesional professor. Should be fired.
1518	N	She is: extremely disorganized, very controlling, unclear. Does not help you at all. Never take this prof for any class (including documentary).
1519	N	No Comments
1520	N	He also teaches Earth Science at the Fashion Institute (which is where I took him). He rants and was one of the worst, most boring professors I have ever had. He can be rude and condescending at times. He's also clearly biased and helps some students more than others. Irritating, but you can make an A in his class. It wasn't terribly difficult.
1521	N	Awful. Rants and doesn't make sense. Complains about NYU and what he is paid, and really pushes his political ideology. One more anti bank rant and I am going to cry, it is an Ecology course.
1522	N	Makes simple subjects totally incomprehensible by using metaphors which don't make sense. Does angry rants and comedy for half of class on subjects entirely unrelated which he has little expertise. Gives the same spiels every course. Bottom line is I signed up because I love the subjects and havent learned anything.
1523	N	History of the Universe professor. These previous three reviews are obvious flame. Anyways, he's a nice guy who tries to make incredibly dull subject matter interesting. Lots of videos, which helps. Quizzes practically every week, but easily studied for. Definitely recommend him.
1524	N	No Comments
1525	P	Lectures are well-organized, he use his own lecture notes. HWs are fine. He gave a sample midterm but the actual midterm is really hard and almost has nothing to do with the sample. Really hard to reach outside the class probably because he's a part-time professor.
1526	N	The lectures are structured but the midterm exam is really hard since he wanted everyone unfinished. He is so busy and no office hours offered. Almost never responds emails.
1527	P	Stochastic calculus - provides concrete motivation in applicable scenarios. Explains things at a level accessible to everyone, but can answer the more technical questions when asked. Notes are very organized and covered the topics in well order. Very very understandable and keeps the class interested, even for long lectures
1528	P	I took his stochastic calculus class. He's very organized. Comes to class prepared. He breaks down complicated concepts very well. He has very clear expectations of his students. Gives reasonable amount of homework with reasonable difficulty (not too much not too little). I Highly recommend him to everyone
1529	P	No Comments
1530	P	Nice guy. Had him for Sci and policy of climate change and the class was very easy. Just do the work and you will get an A
1531	P	Had Gerber for my Science & Policy of Climate Change freshman honors seminar. Very easy and lenient grader, extremely clear and helpful, on the verge of genius, and I love his dry humor. He admits that he is sort of a nerd but he's the awesome type, rather than the annoying.. and hey, all of us in that class were pretty nerdy.
1532	N	Prof is trying to make class a little easier on you, makes awkward jokes for example. But overall he explains the material clearly.
1533	P	Prof. Gerber is very helpful and explains topics very well, making sure to add numerous examples. Understanding to blackboard issues and is willing to allow extensions. Work is not hard but is due twice a week. Tolerable class. Good teacher. Can be geeky at times.
1534	P	No Comments
1535	P	I've taken multiple courses with Robson. She is amazing if you are interested in Victorian literature. Helpful, fair if you do your work, and leads some great discussions. Papers are graded fairly and are open. If you do some careful planning and reading, her courses are rewarding and fun, but do not expect to float by.
1536	P	Best English prof. I've had. Sweet and engaging, made me see things in a whole different way!
1537	P	she assigns so much reading, but she's a good lecturer. also I think the tas do all the grading. but take her class if you want to be actually interested, she makes it all really cool.
1538	P	I love this professor. I pretty much spent the semester gazing adoringly at her.
1539	P	Robson might be the most adorable prof I've ever had. She's brilliant, engaging, and SO british. I don't always agree with everything she says, and while she encourages discussion she doesn't necessarily like to debate with students, but her classes are always fun and thought-provoking. I highly recommend her!
1540	N	I took chem 102 over summer and it was his first time teaching it and his tests were brutal. I did all the homework assigned, attended all lectures, and studied like crazy but his poorly written tests were really difficult. His exams might be different now it might have just been a "hiccup" since it was a summer course. Goodluck!
1541	P	Great teacher, I took Chemistry at MSJC in the summer and it was his first time teaching here. I enjoyed his class, he's very helpful, and knowledgeable. He's there to see you succeed however if you don't do the work well that's your fault. If you do the homework, read study the notes you take in class you'll do great.
1542	N	Attended CHEM 102 at MSJC. He writes his own tests which are riddle with potentially grade destroying errors. He is young, ambitious, and very hard working but doesn't check his tests adequately before handing them out which could prove disastrous for the unwitting student. Worst grade in my academic career in part due to error laden exams.
1543	P	Chemistry is a challenging subject to begin with, but Josh made it understandable and clear. As long as students do their homework, tests become less challenging because homework is for practice. Even though Josh is fairly new at teaching, he knows his stuff! I would definitely take another class he teaches.
1544	P	He is a good instructor and new at MSJC. He explains everything well. I took his class on summer semester. He gives a quiz each class meeting and there's extra credit questions on exams, usually 15 points. I hate chemistry but that changed when I took his class. He is very helpful and I totally recommend his class to everyone interested.
1545	P	Class was great, teacher is the best. Must read and keep up with current social issues and articles be ready to talk about the issues at the beginning of class. Stick to the facts! Best class ever!
1546	P	Professor Brooks is a thoughtful person. He cares about people and he helps you look at polices and institution differently. He sparks conversations and expect people to share their thoughts. He is fair and allows room to be creative. If he teaches policy II I will definitely take his class again.
1547	P	He explains everything really clear. He gives good feed backs. His papers are easy , however participation its very imporant
1548	P	I would definitely take Prof Brooks again! He's such an amazing teacher... He really cares about the students. He's very understanding! Prof. Brooks inspired me to learn more about policies and seriously who wants to learn about the admin side of social work. Right ? If you want a unique college experience take him! 2 Papers that you can def A's!
1549	P	Prof. Brooks's lectures are dense in intellectual conversations about the world. Participation is very important. He loves to see his students speak and discuss important topics. He's very big on staying in touch with the world and current events going on in the world. He genuinely shows he cares about his students.
1550	P	Two thumbs up - you'll learn a lot from this course. There are interesting materials outside the textbook but are not required. She is very approachable and wants you to do well. Highly recommended
1551	P	Cool class - very hands on at the end for group project and real world knowledge...
1552	P	Great teacher, one of the best classes i've taken - she is VERY knowledgeable in both finance and economics! Reading are required but helpful and can relate to my work especially the case studies; Will take her again.
1553	N	A really nice professor who is very willing to reach out for you. Except for the materials about the class she would also provide you a lot of advice for industry. She has a very solid background in banking. Really love her.
1554	N	Good professor, but all you need to do is to read the textbook......
1555	P	Good professor and most of the homework and things to do is not too difficult. Very responsive on Piazza. Only knock is that midterm you get 1 cheat sheet but on final you get 1 despite it covering both midterm material and material after the midterm.
1556	P	Computer networks was a cool and informative course to take with Anirudh as professor. He was super responsive out of class and also responds well to students' feedback for the course overall. Homeworks and exams are very reasonable with the last hw being open-ended. One of the better CS electives to take imo.
1557	N	He is unclear about some concepts, and will just point you to links rather than explaining. Makes me wonder if he knows the concept well himself. It is hard to understand him sometimes.
1558	P	This was a really fun class! Anirudh was great with the lectures and very accessible outside class.
1559	P	Although it was his first time ever teaching, Anirudh proved himself to be one of the best lecturers at NYU. Within a week, he had learned all his students names and prompts students to actively participate. He writes his lectures by hand but provides a neatly formatted PDF afterward online. Very knowledgeable about networks, would HIGHLY recommend
1560	P	One of my favourite profs at NYU so far!! She cares about her students and always looks for ways to improve her teaching. She's funny and keeps class entertaining and informative. Also helps you with your professional development skills!!
1561	P	Go to class everyday and participate! She's a great teacher - funny, nice, and VERY knowledgable. I really enjoyed having her for Health & Society in a Global Context. Very established professor and extremely personable. Makes it seem like it's a 5 person class, when really there's 30 people in the class.
1562	P	Marie is an AMAZING professor. At first I was irritated by her constant "ums" but they grow on you and she is hilarious. She even had us write what we did/didn't like (the "um" was one of them and she joked about it). She genuinely cares about her students and made sure we were prepared for our careers not just her class. Easy grading.
1563	P	One of the best professors I've had at NYU. Cares so much about her students and is incredibly receptive of feedback. Cares a lot about practicality and had multiple classes devoted to professional development. I had to take this course for my major and I was dreading it, but I ended up really looking forward to each class. Also she's hilarious.
1564	P	Disorganized but understands what she teaches. Any feedback regarding her teaching matters to her and will do whatever to improve your experience in her class. Despite her flaws, she definitely puts in effort to make the class engaging.
1565	P	I've had Professor K for two classes and he's by far my favorite; he's engaging, inspirational and straightforward about what he wants. It's really important to remember that your first impression is everything to him. His exams are easy as long as you study; he literally gives you the questions! Take him and you won't regret it!!
1566	P	Professor K is easily the best Professor our class has had. He is a highly driven, optimistic and ever encouraging. When you walk out of his class, you can be certain about walking away with deeper knowledge of the industry and the subject. He doesn't use jargons while teaching and uses a lot of examples. He is an amazing mentor!
1567	P	Very encouraging person. A true mentor and a leader. He was flexible and went out of his way to give me another chance when I couldn't make it for a class quiz. Apart from the syllabus and text books, he brings personal life lessons to class which is his best characteristic. Enjoyed his lectures and love him as a professor and a human being.
1568	P	Great professor will not only teach you the professional knowledge, but also will have long term positive impact on your life. Professor Karaburun is a very successful professional himself in tourism and marketing field, so you will have the opportunity to learn from the best in the industry. His classes are fun, energetic and beyond expectations.
1569	P	Professor K is the best professor one could ever ask for. He is passionate, knowledgeable, and FULL of energy! Learned so much from him whether it be a sit-in lecture,a guest speaker he brought in, or a day of field trip. Hes innovative, tech savvy and an exceptional communicator. Participate and pay attention(take notes!),then you will do fine:)
1570	P	Joost brings alot of fun and inspirational guest speakers from all over the games industry, like Microsoft, and his lectures showcase that he's super knowledgable about video game history, business, etc. His class is only two assignments, and he likes student engagement. He's nice and answered emails promptly. Our TA made the class not as fun tho.
1571	N	This guy is horrible. Very monotone and boring lecturer. Gives one midterm and one final and barely gives any guidance on how to do them. The TF is 100 times worse and expects you to come up with billion dollar merger and acquisition deals that would be like your life depending on it. These people are weirdly obsessed with video games. DO NOT TAKE
1572	N	While I appreciate the professor's enthusiasm for the gaming industry, I am concerned that he does not take a student's health into consideration. I was injured on campus and I had another medical diagnosis, where the ER doctor told me no activity until 5/14 and Professor Joost requested the final paper the following day.
1573	N	He's really laid back and fun to talk to, but I really didn't learn anything in his class. Definitely not waking up every Friday morning for. It's an easy A, but if you're looking for a professor to give you in-depth insight into the mechanisms of the video game industry, look elsewhere.
1574	P	Soooooo laidback, awesome guy, very understanding, young, many connections, made the summer course very fun, why did it have to end?
1575	P	Jenna is an amazing educator. She really dedicates to teaching each student to help them develop a nuanced and deep understanding of media and public relations. Highly recommend!
1576	P	One of the best professors I have ever had! The lectures are so interesting, she is a fair grader, and clearly cares very much about her students!
1577	P	Prof Brayton is amazing! Lectures are bit long and can be tedious at times, but she has covers a really well-rounded amount of material within a few weeks. She's also super cool and reasonable. She clearly cares about her students and gives very clear and thoughtful feedback on exams and essays. Loved her!
1578	P	Jenna is the definition of a real educator, she genially cares about the learning process of her students, provides the most bipartisan views/arguments, and creates a learning environment that promotes updated policy development. Great intro to politics and policy class, please take!
1579	P	Absolute favorite class I've taken at NYU. Jenna is an amazing teacher--makes the class interesting, informative, and fun. Not many assignments and she grades very easy. Take advantage of her office hours if you have questions. Would recommend taking her Politics of Public Policy class for anyone who is looking for a fun but educational class
1580	P	I adore Professor Cruse. He is the best teacher I've ever had and made me want to become a French professor. He's so sweet and only cares about the success of his students. His lectures and readings are always great, and there is not a ton of work at all. This is a class that you will WANT to go to and will genuinely love. You need to meet him !
1581	P	Mark Cruse is amazing. He knows so much**** it's insane. I don't know how he crams so much information into his brain. It's really impressive. But at the end of the class, you feel as if you know maybe a hundredth of what he knows - and thus brilliant.
1582	P	very clear and organized, knows what he is doing- really keeps you involved- pretty easy grader if you know what you're doing- you do have to study. Good guy- I recommend him.
1583	P	GREAT teacher. very clear class and explainations. no surprises on tests. Class is fun, not too boring. Definitely try to find this teacher. Class is still challenging, so don't expect an easy A.
1584	P	GREAT
1585	N	ok, the reviews above are pretty spiteful, but in all honesty, he just seems to have to have lost his connection with the kids. the class simply isnt taught, he lets kids speak most of time and then adds filler by either showing clips from films or talking about the 2 textbooks. you learn little to nothing about screenplay form
1586	N	ugh. what an ****. i hope he reads this and shapes up. be nicer to the kids you hate and ,maybe theyll do better work for you. creep.
1587	N	Totally unprofessional, unclear about deadlines, terrible teacher. He left zero room for innovation or creativity in his class; he kept students late without advance warning; when he didn't like you as a person he shut down and became abrasive, rude, and unavailable.
1588	P	Prof. Rinaldi is such a great Italian prof. I always struggled with languages but she cleared up many of the issues I had with grammar. She is a native Italian and tells many stories about her life in Italy and actual Italian culture. Amazing, dedicated and sweet professor. Her only flaw is she takes a long time to get into the groove of a lesson.
1589	P	Prof. Rinaldi goes out of her way to make the class interesting and fun. About once a week we would have class at an italian cafe or playing football in Washington Square. She is an interesting person and her experiences add to the interest level of the class. I highly recommnend taking her.
1590	P	This is the most amazing teacher I've ever had. Really goes out of her way for her students. One of the few teachers that actually cares about her students. Keeps class very interesting!!!
1591	P	She really goes out of her way to make sure the students understand the material. She's such a cool person and more foreign language teachers should be like her.
1592	P	Literally one of the most kind and understanding humans, but also just a fantastic professor. She gives great feedback and is awesome when you're developing and writing your papers. Always open to office hours too. Overall just a very organized, intellectual woman who will really help you improve the way you write and revise.
1593	P	Gallatin transfer student research seminar. This class was fantastic but anything she teaches you should take. She is an incredible prof. you will grow both intellectually and as a writer. her advice and feedback is invaluable!!
1594	P	No Comments
1595	P	the most insightful and genuinely intelligent professor i've had thus far. i think that's all there is to say about that.
1596	P	#mrsgreene Super cool and hot.
1597	P	Allie is amazing. I had her for Intro to Psych recitation last year. She is the best. Really helpful, really nice. Take her class.
1598	P	Mrs. Greene got me so excited to study psych. Before I hated the major and never saw it as a future. Mrs. Greene has inspired me to achieve more in the Psych field. Side note she is stunning.
1599	P	Had her for intro to psych recitation. She was great! Take her class!!! And shes hot!
1600	P	Taking Jamie Berthe's class defined my concentration. She is extremely passionate about the material and really encourages students to be as well. Berthe is an incredibly thoughtful professor and is extremely keen to hear what you have to say. She is also kind and caring. I learned so much in her class and I am so thankful I took her class.
1601	P	I'm an MCC major, and her class is what really got me into my field. Like, insanely excited about studying and learning and whatnot. She's big on examples and she tries to be as lively as she can, even during the more technical lectures. Try doing most of the readings to get a full understanding of the topic. They're interesting anyway!
1602	P	Very enthusiastic and straightforward. Lectures are interesting and she is very helpful.
1603	P	Very clear on what she expects and how to get a good grade. Do the readings, attend class, take notes and you will do fine. Tests are reasonable and Jamie is great.
1604	P	GO TO CLASS/TAKE NOTES WITH PC/ ASK QUESTIONS/ SHE SPEAKS FAST SO online note taking is best. GReat knows her stuff. Alot of discussion posts to do on black board. pop quizzes are there dont miss class.
1605	P	She's amazing - would recommend anyone to take her class. She really cares for her students and their welfare so she's really flexible with deadlines. She's also super knowledgeable in her class and is able to argue any side of the debate. Just participate and do the work the best you can and she'll understand.
1606	P	Great teacher, very easy, very helpful, just show up and discuss in class. Just be nice and you will do well
1607	P	Laurie is the best writing teacher. I had no interest in the subject matter whatsoever. I still don't. But her class was amazing, she really works with each student to improve your writing. Keeps discussion lively, does drafts and rewrites for every essay, pretty good readings. I'd definitely recommend her.
1608	P	I took a producing class with Prof. Lechner and it was very interesting! Most of the class was lecture since it was a lot of explanation of what movie producers do, but we did have some guest lecturers throughout and a group project where we pitched a film idea. Very understanding and down to earth prof!
1609	P	Took his Business of Producing class and loved it. Very up to date on the business and has very engaging lectures- I bore easily and I rarely ever get distracted during his class. Hope to have him again!
1610	P	Jack is a great resource as a working producer. He isn't shy about sharing documents and personal experience. He cares for his students, and genuinely is excited about this industry and the projects he is currently working on.
1611	P	Jack's a great lecturer and will teach you a lot about being a Producer. His class really isn't very hard as long as you do his readings, and the readings themselves are all interesting anyway. Great professor!
1612	P	Deanie is one of the kindest most loving professors I've ever had. I had lab with her and she made us all feel very comfortable when sharing personal stories and doing the therapy sessions. She cares about her students.
1613	P	Hands down one of my favorite professors. Class was always engaging, and she made each discussion personal as she shared her own experiences and allowed us to do the same. The textbook isn't used much, but it definitely is insightful and will prepare you for class discussion. If you get the chance to take her class do it! Best decision I made
1614	P	Deanie is the sweetest teacher ever. She makes class super fun. I actually loved going to class everyday. (textbook is not really necessary for any assignments although reading it is helpful to contribute to class discussions)
1615	P	Deanie is an extremely helpful and friendly professor. While it's difficult to meet with her outside class, she readily sets aside time for students when given a heads up. The textbook she uses is unconventional, but highly useful should you be pursuing a counseling career. She has experience in the field and knows her stuff!
1616	N	Professor Hannah is an interesting guy. It seems like he has had a lot of really cool and important jobs like working for Joe Biden for example. The lectures are a little heavy and dry but when it comes to exams and the final paper he is very clear with what he expects and not a tough grader.
1617	N	Uncharismatic so his lectures can get a little boring. In class discussions are fairly straightforward so participation is easy. Readings can get redundant but reading through them before the tests helps a bunch. Changed the schedule/syllabus too many times. Similar to what was said before but doesn't hold himself accountable for lost time.
1618	N	Not in terms of grading policy or what he wants in tests. Often won't be held accountable for mistakes. A bit pretentious and over complicates answers. Still very knowledgable.
1619	N	He's super smart and nice, and definitely knows what he's talking about. I just wish the class was a little more discussion based/relevant, rather than lecture based. I enjoyed the class a lot but feel like I could have learned more if he took the class out of the textbook more.
1620	N	She was such a nice lady, but I didn't jibe with her teaching style. We did a lot of reading, then would come into class and just discuss it together. I felt like I didn't learn much, because she wasn't teaching at all. Was all just discussion. She was an unexpectedly hard essay grader, but midterm was very easy.
1621	P	She is so nice, caring and well-prepared. LOVE HER. Readings are sometimes boring, to be honest; but thats basically all the readings in CF are mythology stuffs and she already gives out the best she can to make them more attractive. Not that much reading but TOUGH TOUGH TOUGH grader for papers. If you want EASY A, don take her.
1622	P	She's nice, smart and organized. Her classes are interesting and generally discussion based. She's super reasonable - allows up to 3 excused absences and will generally be flexible if you need something. She's not big on tests, but you should take the essays seriously because they're most of your grade. Really great class, would recommend.
1623	P	Rockstar. Presented us with very interesting readings that I would not have found otherwise. Extremely helpful and readily available to talk with students outside of class.
1624	P	Watching him unveil his mind and explain his complex thought process on the board is fascinating, and has inspired me to approach mathematics as I have never approached it before. Professor was very communicative, quick to answer my (many) emails. Always willing to help and kind, which was very reinforcing during a very rough patch in my life.
1625	P	He taught my Honors Algebra I class at NYU. Great professor, nice guy, obviously knows his stuff. His lecture notes was great in light of the otherwise pretty useless textbook. Available in office hours. Take the class when he teaches it. Only real complaint was that the HW was really too easy, for Honors he could afford to let us learn more.
1626	P	His Algebra class was my favorite class I have taken in NYU. He posted his lecture notes online, which was good enough that I didn't even really had to read the textbook. Homework was a little bit on easier side; it was mostly "Prove this fits the definition". Also, seems like a nice person. Highly recommended.
1627	P	I took Zappa's Algebra class in Spring 2017one of the best experiences I have had at NYU. He was very friendly, explained all the concepts patiently and lucidly, and was very accessible in office hours and specific about what we should study or review. He empathized with us that reading textbooks was dry and made his lectures self-sufficient.
1628	P	Excellent teacher.
1629	P	My favorite teacher at NYU. He's compassionate, enthusiastic and funny. I will always remember him. Google his name for some interesting reads. I was blessed to have him for Adult lab as well as elder clinical at NY Downtown. I think I did more in that one clinical than all the others combined. He made me do everything and I'm grateful.
1630	P	Hands down, the best. Not a single negative thing to say.
1631	P	Three words: "Can you imagine??" lmao, he is an interesting character, really funny or corny depending on your type of humor. He is very smart and knows his stuff and you will definitely learn a lot from him. Wait till you see this man!
1632	P	Emily is nice and caring. But for the essays, it's hard to know what she likes and hopes to read. Lectures are good but not related to the essays.
1633	N	You need to write in the way she likes in order to get a good grade. Also, I don't like the way she teaches. She treats you like a middle school student, which makes me feel stupid.
1634	N	Professor Emily Stone clearly has her own "outstanding" understanding of how an essay should be structured. Yet whether this system of standards is truly objective or valuable is debatable. Apparently Stone knows that all her students are idiots that she has to pay efforts on. So a minimal B score would be the best gift she could give.
1635	P	Emily was very friendly, but she can be a tough grader. Be ready for weekly assignments and to participate in class. The worst part was that she isn't great at giving feedback on drafts of essays so make sure that you ask the questions you want answers to. The majority of your grade is based on 3 essays that you write, so keep up with work!
1636	P	Peter is one of my favorite professors at NYU. He is kind, passionate, and interesting. He cares about his students, both in class and in life. Though sometimes he could be unclear, but never that strict on grading - he just wants people to do things they care about. I do not know why there are so many negative comments here. I enjoyed his class.
1637	N	This is the worst professor I have ever had, PERIOD. There are no guidelines for this class and he doesn't do anything to help that either, basically a meaningless class. He seems to have personal vendettas against certain students as he is incredibly rude and singles them out in class while he lets others get away with offensive comments. AVOID!!
1638	N	This teacher was possibly the most frustrating and confusing I have ever had. The assignments are incredibly unclear on the website, when I asked for clarification he sent me the SAME LINK I ASKED ABOUT, he is always late to class and never apologizes, and is overall very bleak and pessimistic. I would not recommend this class to anyone.
1639	N	Peter is the worst professor I've had at NYU. The class I took had no guidelines, no actual syllabus, and was generally useless. His demeanor is exceedingly negative and he singles out students with no justification. I did not feel motivated to participate nor did I feel like I could ask questions to clarify things. Big letdown
1640	P	1. He gave homework exercise during the lecture, and you dont need to do all of them. You can choose the exercise by yourself. However, the homework exercise is ONLY to increase your final score, so do NOT afraid of doing problems wrong. 2. Final is extremely easy, and you can do it again as a take-home to increase your final grade.
1641	P	Unlike many star mathematicians, Professor Cappell obviously enjoys teaching undergraduates. He has a knack for simplifying complex material so that 3rd4th year math majors can understand it, while also pushing them beyond what they think they can do - wo overdoing it. HW is assigned but he stopped collecting it, & is very generous with grades.
1642	P	In the second semester Prof Cappell became slightly less organized than in the first, probably because if he didn't get to anything in the first semester he could push it off to the second semester, but he no longer had this lifeline. Nevertheless he still remained very clear and gave good intuition. However there was basically no homework.
1643	P	Prof Cappell is one of the most brilliant lecturers I have had the pleasure of having as a teacher. Although he makes the entire lecture up on the spot, the lecture flows incredibly smoothly, and one can just sit back and bask in the amazing clarity that is Sylvain Cappell. Not too much homework was given to reinforce the material, however.
1644	N	First of all, she does not give 1. guidelines for presentations, papers, etc. 2. if she's against of certain topic of presentations, she criticizes it 3. papers were way too long and doesn't even give us any feedback of our papers (5-7pages single spaced), and presentations. Does not even post any grades on BB, and posted our final grade in 2017.
1645	P	No Comments
1646	P	Easy grader. Really available. Really fun class. She is one of the very few professors that kept me awake in class.
1647	P	Great professor!He is very demanding and really pushes you to learn. Very caring and helpful, but the student must work hard to follow the course.
1648	P	No Comments
1649	N	Do not take this class if you're a beginner. This is the kind of class where you need to know the basics if not you will barely follow. Carlos is not helpful and prefers to speak with students who are already a little fluent. He has a caustic style and he does not make you confortable. Overall, I am disappointed.
1650	P	Fabio is an incredible professor. He always talks about interesting things in class and is never boring. The only problem is that he's an incredibly harsh grader for no reason.
1651	P	professor parasecoli is as well-read as he is kind. lectures and their associated topics (representations of food in the media) are very compelling. grades are based on 2 medium papers, 1 7-10 research paper, a presentation and participation. lots of work for a 2 credit class, but a fair grader who accepts late work makes it a-okay.
1652	P	Fabio is one of the most friendly, approachable, helpful teachers I've ever had, along with being one of the smartest to the point that it frightens his students. He'd never admit it, but he knows pretty much everything. Really.
1653	P	Valeria is simply amazing. She was the sweetest, smartest TA I've ever had. She is incredibly understanding and helpful in all circumstances.
1654	N	Really nice, kind of hard to follow at times due to the speed at which she talks, but very willing to help.
1655	P	she's a lot of fun and she tries her best to help you with everything. you might have to do more studying of grammar on your own bc we jump around a lot in the textbook, but she's very fair and fun to learn from
1656	P	I had Professor Kopcke for the Freshman Seminar "Agamemnon to Alexander." He was really helpful, took a genuine interest in each student's progress, and went out of his way to assist in research. He is extremely knowledgeable and really makes the subject matter clear and incredibly interesting.
1657	P	What a wonderful, compelling, and passionate class. the readings might be extensive, but the care and thought the professor puts in his class, makes up for the work. A wonderful introduction to a wonderful School
1658	P	His class is philosophical and thought provoking. Really about the ART.
1659	P	Clear, patient, passionate and motivated to see students succeed in French. Clever woman and also wrote an awesome book. She enjoys helping students and will go out of her way to help you.
1660	P	One of the best professors I've had. Very passionate and helpful.
1661	P	she's an awesome teacher. her class rocked my world.
1662	P	Excellent, devoted, and fair professor. Clearly puts in a lot of time to her lectures and unlike what commenters said, is very open to alternative perspectives. This is not an easy class, but it's very worthwhile. Also, she looks young but I know she's taught several years at NYU!
1663	N	Grading at NYU Paris is done whimsically and aggressively in order to maintain the appearance of a "serious program". Arbitrarily limits the number of students that can perform well (grade wise) despite their actual academic performance. She is not yet able to teach effectively, and certainly incapable or unwilling to give helpful feedback. Too you
1664	N	Disorganized, tries but lacks the experience and skills to adequately teach or communicate her ideas. Teaches art/art history as part of CF, but has no understanding of how to look at art or teach art history. Heavy reading load which is rarely discussed. Not open to other ideas even with convincing evidence. Should be okay after she's matured.
1665	N	Avoid this teacher.
1666	N	Horrible Tests, seems to help but don't really help, suppose to be a elective but hardest course i ever did because it was boring and seemed to have no use to anything.
1667	P	I always felt like I came away from the class knowing something new and useful, which I can?t honestly say for every class I?ve taken in the MCC department.
1668	P	He takes attendance and the two tests have a lot of information, but if you semi-pay attention in class you'll be fine. There is a also research paper. On the exams you have to write an essay. You don't have to read the articles he sends to do well. This class is basically media technology through the ages and it's pretty interesting .
1669	P	The New Media Research studio is awesome, yes there is slightly more work than average but he is a very fair grader and is totally clear in class. Make sure you do the readings though since they're what make up the entirety of the midterm and final. You learn a ton of cool stuff in this class that you're not going to find in any other classes.
1670	N	Don't take the New Media Research Studio Class. I think he's not really clear enough with grading guidelines and expects more than anyone expects he expects..... Nice guy, and knowledgable but definitely still finding his feet as a teacher. He's young.
1671	P	I took his basic probability and enjoyed it. The textbook is like an encyclopedia and hard to read, but his class made things much easier. Homework can be difficult, but after some hard work I began to appreciate it, for I learned many cool tricks. I'm not sure about his Calc1 though, maybe those freshmen are not used to college math classes yet.
1672	N	The recitations were helpful, in that they did the written homework for you. The quizzes were easy and definitely manageable because they were the same as the written homework. However, the final is written by a different professor and our class was in no way prepared for what hit us! He's a nice guy, but his teaching skills aren't that great.
1673	N	Nice guy, super easy midterms, decently easy quizzes. In lecture he goes over proofs as opposed to practical applications, which means I stopped going to class for the most part. The final for Calc I at NYU is really difficult, but you'll be fine if you do the hw and study a bit.
1674	N	She knows her material, and can tell if you do the readings or not. Compared to other professors, she explained how to read journal articles, understand the datacharts and pushed students to learn the language of IR. Very helpful for those from a diff. field. Final paper at the end makes up most of your grade, not too tough a grader.
1675	P	Professor Tyler has certainly shaped my understanding of the world, and it's nice that even when we are discussing tragedies of genocidal proportions, she can still work in some deadpan humor. Take her class!
1676	P	I learned a lot from her, more than any of my other classes combined. She seemed strict at first, but after she gets to know you, is pretty flexible and understanding. Had the liveliest discussions in her class vs my other courses.
1677	P	Janos is basically the man because he promotes a fun learning environment that is actually conducive to positive learning outcomes. Take his class if you get the chance because he's very understanding about deadlines and class is actually enjoyable.
1678	P	Funny, smart and trs trs witty. Classes are always amusing!
1679	P	Awesome prof
1680	P	I really enjoyed Prof George. Definitely take her if you have the choice! She provides helpful feedback and tailors the class to the students' abilities. She is also the head of the undergrad department, so she is a great connection to have. Your final grade will depend on personal improvement, so no matter your level, you can do well.
1681	N	The professor is mostly nice (though a bit stiff), but the class itself felt outdated and often boring. Not much choice in the program, but other classes I've taken were far better.
1682	P	Undoubtedly the best professor I've ever had and the best class I've ever taken. Cares about her students like they're her children and every class was fun, engaging, and educational. She's a once in a college career type of professor and you'd be making a terrible mistake not taking her class, regardless of what it is.
1683	N	She lectures ALL the time, doesn't appreciate questions she doesn't know. 99% is graded by exams, which are not difficult if you read some and go to class. There is no material more updated than the late 1970s. Other than how outdated and USA specific her knowledge is, the class covers well basic criminology theories, categories and policy options.
1684	N	Professor Dixon is clearly well-versed in criminology, and her class is informative and interesting at times. Coming to class will help you get a B or B+, but you must do ALL of the readings to get an A. And having over 100 dense pages for one class a week is not generally possible (I've never known anyone who does ALL the readings, just most).
1685	P	I took her for Criminology and it was a pretty basic class. The whole class was based on three tests based solely on the lectures and readings. Don't bother buying the book because she just regurgitates it in class. You could probably get a B without doing any readings and just showing up to class, or vice versa. Very smart and reputable woman.
1686	P	Lisa might not be the best lecturer, but she is super nice in person. Attendance is not mandatory, and she posts all the materials that will help you study. She curves every single one of her exams. Not too many quizzes and the homework is a decent amount. Just read the textbook, do the homework and practice exams. You will be all set.
1687	P	The course uses R studio and R code. If you go to her office hours she will literally type it in you. Got perfect grades when she did it for me. No one really goes to office hrs so she is more willing to help when you do go. Lab, webassign, and quiz due every wk. My TA was the worst. She drops two of the lowest lab grades and two of the lowest quiz
1688	N	Lisa is nice, knowledgeable about the subject, and is often available for office hours. However, she comes off as inexperienced in teaching, has trouble with engaging the class during the lectures and sometimes made the material very confusing; people often walked out. Also, the R coding program left the class confused and didn't help us much.
1689	N	Prof. McKeen is quite the hard grader. He also assigns a lot of essays throughout the semester (10 2-page essays, 3 4-page essays). Try to avoid this class if writing is not something you enjoy.
1690	N	Professor McKeen is a good professor that tries to make the material somewhat engaging. Although he does assign a lot of essays throughout the semester, he is pretty lenient in grading them.
1691	N	Papers do not have set due dates and the syllabus in general does not have a great structure, nice professor in general and gives good feedback, the 10 response papers get tedious and you need to plan the other essays ahead of time since they are due at the end of the semester.
1692	P	Dr. Coruzzi is really passionate about plants and it comes through in her lectures. Her lecture pace was a little fast, but the slides are easily accessible and cover everything you need to know for the exam. PoB II in general was much more enjoyable than PoB I and I recommend it!
1693	P	Her lectures were fine and I didn't find the information to be boring even though I'm not usually one for plant biology. Test questions are straightforward and relatively easy, mostly coming from the homework, which was really easy. Make sure you pay attention in recitation and you'll be fine for this portion of the course.
1694	P	She really likes plants. More than you, probably. Good teacher, but you definitely need to think deeply about it because her organization is a little weird and you need to make your own connectins.
1695	P	Muni is one of the best professors I have had at NYU! She's extremely knowledgeable and kind, and she makes the lectures very interesting! It was my favorite CAMS class! As long as you participate sometimes and make an effort, you'll do well.
1696	P	This course was by far the best I have taken during my college years. I have learned so much. Professor Olia is smart and inspiring, I want to be her! This class is very likely to change my career plans in the future, but I think it could be helpful for any student at NYU, as it truly opens your eyes to the world.
1697	P	Professor Olia is one of the best professors I have had at NYU! Her class "Global Perspectives on Child and Adolescent Mental Heath" is a must take for anyone interested in the field of psychology and/or human rights. You will definitely grow as a student by taking this class. You will get out of it what you put into it.
1698	P	Jeff Day, where do I begin... this man has changed everything for me. He has completely made me rethink the way I photograph and view the world. Cares about his students and gives constructive feedback. Anticipates what you need before you even know you need it. He is a powerful man.
1699	P	What I love about Jeff is he's not interested in helping you fill a requirement towards a diploma; he's interested in actually teaching you skills that you can use in the real world and helping you grow as an artist. You get back what you put into the class, so to reap the rewards you just have try. I am in Beyond Picture Perfect as well.I love it
1700	P	I took his class Beyond Picture Perfect. He is funny and has a lot of technical knowledge as well as artistic input. He made me such a better photographer. I definitely recommend.
1701	P	Prof. Astrinaki is a very understanding person if you submit something late once or have trouble with an assignment but she will call you out in class if you're clearly not doing what she asked for. She is a caring person who wants the best for her students. She realizes she ask for a lot so she is more open to discussion.
1702	P	She is lovely and always willing to help outside of class. The class is extremely interesting and not that difficult. She is very knowledgeable in the field. That being said, if you are rude in class (go on your phone/don't pay attention/don't do the readings) she will call you out on it, which I felt was completely valid.
1703	P	Awesome and sweet lady! Seminar on modern greek culture was a very interesting class, I got to look at all forms of art. Just don't forget to cite sources in your papers.
1704	P	Easily one of the most passionate, knowledgable, caring NYU Econ professor but EXTREMELY difficult problem sets & exams (which are the only graded components). Attendance isn't mandatory but lectures are crucial to understanding the seriously math-heavy material. This class is def meant for Econ Theory and not Policy, so take the class to learn
1705	P	Prof Ray is extremely intelligent, approachable, and delightful. The class is theory- and math-heavy. However, Debraj is wonderful at explaining the concepts and makes a conscious effort to answer all doubts. Homework and exams are not easy and require some serious effort. I learnt a lot from the class and Debraj himself. A wonderful class overall!
1706	P	Explains very well, is engaging and accessible, but has tough problem sets and expects you to work in order to learn. Fair grader, reasonable tests. Overall, the best econ class and econ prof I've had at NYU.
1707	P	Great professor. Holds you to high high standard w pronunciation and grammar, but is a fair grader and is understanding. She's a brilliant person who had an incredible career before teaching French.
1708	P	Hayet is the best French instructor I've ever had. If you are looking for an easy A sans effort, do not take her class. If you are looking to learn French - to actually learn French - enroll with her right away! Not only is she an expert at teaching the language, but she motivates you to work for it and is supportive/giving/patient all the way.
1709	N	The worst. Created an environment where people were afraid to speak French... and thats like the worst thing possible for a conversation class. Just praying I passed even though i have never received lower than at 95 in a French class in my life.
1710	P	He is simply awesome, provided you interact with him in the class and do your homework on time. His memory power is great. He can remember a student just by his handwriting. If you want to work hard then take this class. With hard work, I learnt a great deal with him. If you are lazy then KEEP AWAY, this is not the class for you!
1711	N	No Comments
1712	P	This class was amazing. Vida brought the class all around NYC and showed us amazing things. Interesting discussions in class, mostly field trips. Very good teacher and wonderful and kind woman.
1713	P	I took her intro to galleries and museums of new york class, and she is a fantastic woman! it was mostly a field trip class, so attendance was pretty important on those days, but homework is minimal, and a lot of reading is optional. as long as you show genuine interest you'll get an A. she's very sweet, with a hip grandmother-y vibe.
1714	P	Hertkorn taught my Peace and Conflict Resolution class in the Global Studies program. I found her to be intelligent and engaging, and it is obvious she wants her students to succeed. I enjoyed/appreciated her insight so much that I asked her to be my thesis advisor. Working together was great and I highly recommend her as a professor.
1715	N	No Comments
1716	P	I love professor Choi. He is soooo cute and nice. His class was hard, but you can definitely get your grade up if you try. I would definitely recommend him.
1717	P	Really funny and entertaining class, genuinely wants students to succeed. He has a lot of experience; not good if you want to learn bookkeeping, but he really teaches you how to analyze financial statements.
1718	N	Professor Guth is older so it can be very hard to pay attention during the first half of the semester while he lectures nonstop. The big ISP project is killer, but that is the case no matter what professor. He was extremely nice and caring to all his students, but those readings were a pain.
1719	P	very kind and funny. he is old, so it's hard to pay attention at times. but he's a fair grader and he seems to care about the students.
1720	P	Great, great, great teacher. Learnt so much, she is very motivating. I love her style. Totally recommend her!!
1721	P	You will learn so much in her class that your head will explode. The lectures are awesome, but she pushes you to do great work. You may be stressed out during the semester, but when it's all over you will be twice the student you were going in. Your writing WILL improve... you have no choice. Class was outstanding. Could not recommend it more!
1722	P	Alex is actually a really great teacher and an easy grader. The midterm is pretty difficult but he grades it as nicely as he can and he gives less quizzes than he is supposed to which is nice. He's a really helpful and nice guy and lets us out early all the time.
1723	N	Made this just to warn everyone. He is HORRIBLE! DO NOT TAKE HIM!! You can't understand what he's talking about and if he makes a mistake he justifies it by say "oh, i'm not good at math". Then PLEASE stop teaching this class. His awful teaching brought my gpa down tremendously. There isn't a single person I've found who likes him. Just avoid this!
1724	P	I took the 8 week course he offered for 2 credits and it was well worth it. We never met as a class since everything was performed online more or less at our own pace. Assignments were easy and short BUT they made you think and interact with the knowledge you'd collected; which is perfect. I strongly recommend taking him.
1725	N	intro to media. could not figure out what kind of expectations he had for his students. took off points for slightest reasons. after reaching out and meeting him NUMEROUS! times to discuss topics& my work, i got no real help. there was no way i could get a good grade. seemed like he was predisposed of who he thought i was, and gave me no chance.
1726	N	I went to lectures, however i never actually reviewed any of my notes. SHe basically just lectures out of the textbook. If your read the textbook, and by read i mean outline and pay very close attention to detail, you will be fine. I went to her office hours to clarify a couple of concepts and she is very helpful.
1727	N	I'll give her credit for this being her first year lecturing. Her exam questions tend to be very difficult and unlike those she asks in class. The textbook helps understand a lot of concepts. Her homework takes a long time to do, and still doesnt prepare you well enough for the exams. She's really funny though and seems nice. Just really hard.
1728	P	Great professor, has many degrees or something like that. Tests are focused on what she says during lectures. Textbook is unnecessary except for the DRI values on the front cover for assignments and stuff.
1729	P	Had her for Nutrition & Health. She's a very nice woman, knows her stuff, and very engaging during class. Minimal amount of assignments, several quizzes, 2 midterms and a final. Her exams are VERY specific! Make sure to study both slides and text. Hated her grading, no curves; what you get is what you get. Rarely a chance for extra credit. STUDY!!!
1730	P	Professor Lee is an extremely knowledgable musician. Her willingness to help her students is reflected on her students' performances. Many of my peers and I had never taken music theory classes prior to this class, and by the end of the class, I feel like we all had a firm grasp on the basics of music theory. Also, read the textbook! It helps!
1731	N	Accent is tough to understand at times, but Yoon Ji, understands and cares about what is going on in your life and is flexible with assignments if it is needed.
1732	N	Don't take her class!
1733	N	She might be clear about what she wants from you, but talking to her is really stressful and depressing. Regardless of what you talk about or how long you talk, after talking to her you'll realize that she's never said anything positive about your academic performance. Taking her class and having to talk to her in regular basis was such as pain.
1734	P	He's a great guy with really extensive knowledge on Asian history. Soft-spoken but when you listen to what he says, it's very interesting. I learned a lot in this class. He gives really good and helpful feedback on the assignments.
1735	P	The guy is so humble; he is apparently VERY multilingual (and I mean VERY), has had a long history in the field, but you won't know because he keeps a bar up. Very professional, friendly and easy-going professor, would take his other classes in the future.
1736	P	Frank is a very insightful man and a great teacher. I enjoyed his class, Race, Ethnicity, and Popular Media, so much! We went on field trips, talked about current race sexuality issues in America, read interesting texts, and really had great class discussions. Take his class - He's awesome!
1737	P	Frank is a super awesome professor. He is easy going, intelligent, and is eager for his students to learn. You will only get feedback in the middle and end of the semester, but you can email him to see how you are doing. The work isn't too heavy, but he assigns a lot of reading. No textbooks but a lot of books and articles.
1738	P	He is the best.
1739	P	He is awesome! Great case study! Homework easy to pass!!
1740	N	His lectures seem to go on for ages and his clarity varies from lecture to lecture. He clearly knows the material but his delivery of it is questionable. There was a quiz every week (not easy, but not too difficult). He's a great guy, but not the professor for me. Most likely will not take a class with him again.
1741	N	Professor Trogdon is a good guy- he's readily available, willing to help, and clearly knowledgeable in the subject. However his exams are hard, averages for both midterms under 65 and HW nearly impossible without the internet. Despite this, he gives a generous curve and I think it would he hard to NOT to pass but it is very difficult to do well.
1742	N	The Professor speaks with indian accent which at times make it difficult to comprehend. As a student, you should have prior knowledge of the topic being taught. Once the professor rapidly goes through the course -work, he will expect you to know it.
1743	N	He seems to know what he is doing very well but he is having a hard time to process what's in his brain to something "digestable" to student. He also has pretty thick Indian accent but I didn't mind at all during his class.
1744	P	One of the best professors at NYU and the reason why I stayed in my major. She is so sweet, humble, yet has so much experience in the industry, both as an artist and executive. Definitely take her class! She will make you love Music Publishing!
1745	P	Blakeman's class has been the most enjoyable Music Business class I've had. She's very knowledgeable about the industry and encourages students to discuss their opinions. She's very open-minded and actually listens to suggestions. The class itself is pretty easy; there's a lot of group projects though.
1746	P	VERY different teaching method. Very unstructured. Doesn't lecture and likes to let the conversation go where it wants to go. Can be frustrating at times, but is also nice to be able to talk about what you need to talk about. Your grade comes from logs you write to her at the end of each class (not anonymous so be careful) and a final paper.
1747	P	Professor Jo is very knowledgeable and has lots of clinical experience. She teaches the class in an experiential manner as opposed to boring lectures and power points. She expects everyone to participate in class discussions and wants everyone to do well. Lastly, she gives helpful feedbacks on graded papers. I recommend her class to everyone !
1748	P	Frank is a phenomenal teacher! If you are passionate and show that you care, you'll have no problem getting an A. The assignments are not difficult, but do take time and make sure to turn them in on time!! Because of this, you are motivated to actually do the work and get excited about what you are learning!
1749	P	Frank is an amazing teacher and is very helpful if you have any problems with any of the products. Lateness of assignments get graded on a lower scale if you're late so it's definitely in your best interest to turn your work on time to get a good grade!
1750	P	Bob is a wonderful man and has really great guests speakers for Entertainment and Media Industries. One thing that was a little frustrating though was no matter how much or how little work I seemed to put in, I would also get a B and he even admitted on the first day of class that only 20% of the class should get A's. Other than that, solid prof.
1751	P	Great teacher and great person. I liked this class because he brings so much useful industry perspective to the course. Rather than having studied the material, he's actually done a lot of it, and has incredible guest speakers. All the readings are short and practical. Workload is easily manageable. He'll remember your name and respect your effort.
1752	N	Had high hopes for the NLP class! Overall good and learned a lot. However, lectures are mostly prof copying formulas from lecture note to whiteboard, which isn't helpful. Final exam was ridiculously difficult, only neural network math. Homeworks were a bit disorganized too. Prof is very busy and doesn't seem to have that much time to teach anymore.
1753	P	The lecture is amazing, helps you really understand the field and view it from a broad perspective
1754	P	Dara is a great professor! She is very friendly, approachable and understanding. Works well with students outside of class too. The classroom atmosphere as a whole is very comfortable. You do share your writing with the class and revise other peer's work as well but it is not intimidating. I loved this class and I wasn't a fan of writing essay's.
1755	P	I really enjoyed having Professor Regaignon! She is very friendly and is always responsive, especially over e-mail. It can be difficult to vocalize your thoughts in English classes but she never made anyone's comment seem unimportant or "wrong."
1756	P	Professor Fewell is amazing. She cares about her students and will touch base with each one of them prior to each class. She is always accessible and available after classes. I had four classes with her and she is not lecture heavy not gives a lot of assignment. AMAZINGLY BLESSED TO HAVE HER AS MY INSTRUCTOR!
1757	P	A truly EXCELLENT educator. She always comes to class highly prepared. Caring, approachable, always accessible from outside of classes. wonderful lecture and always thorough explanation of everything you need to know for practice classes.
1758	P	A really wonderful professor. She cares about her students a lot and is extremely engaging. If you pay attention in class and do the problem sets, there should be no problem passing her course.
1759	P	Petra makes lecture doable, she explains the stuff that Weck didn't explain well. Ask as many questions as possible and go to office hours.
1760	P	Professor Fulepp is amazing. He is a young executive with lots of energy, who is passionate about teaching and dedicated to his students. Extremely smart and witty, he always makes sure to keep the class interested. Would highly recommend!
1761	P	Young charismatic executive in a relevant industry. His teaching style is very engaging and his ambiguous accent keeps the class light. Learned a great deal from this class and would definitely take Professor Fulepp again!
1762	P	Sweetest professor ever. I miss him like hell!
1763	P	The sweetest and most caring professor you could have. Makes the class fun and really wants you to succeed. Do not hesitate to ask for help outside of class! I wish I could have him every semester.
1764	N	I did not like the class. The material was not interesting but Dale is a great guy and respected in his field. Focus more on philosophy than environmental issues.
1765	P	Wants participation in lecture and recitation. Very insightful and is always happy to answer any question. Grades are made up of papers, responses, and participation. Responses are completion grades, so the papers are CRUCIAL. Class is a little slow at first if you aren't into ethics, but content/lecture is very interesting.
1766	P	Absolutely life changing. The absolute best professor I've ever had. The whole class pretty much felt that way. Amount of work is not crazy but you just really want to throw yourself into every reading, and every class. Genuine beautiful soul and excellent teacher/organizer/facilitator. Inspiring, learned the absolute most.
1767	P	This class is life changing and the professor is very knowledgeable and active in organizing, building movements, creating social change and justice. Everyone should be required to take this class. The community is amazing, the course is super interesting and we get to learn and talk about what we are interested in. Its also a pretty chill class :)
1768	P	No Comments
1769	P	Great clear professor. Lectures are very interesting and your grade is only based on participation. It's also an eye opening class!
1770	N	I've always dreamed of learning Italian, but this woman ruined it for me. She was confusing and expected us all to be geniuses in an elementary course. She'd literally give you 100 words and quiz you on them the next day- words like "sparkling orange juice." If you take this, plan on going to a tutor for help.
1771	P	Great class! Easy going professor that keeps the class interested with collaborative learning and great stories relating to course material. The professor is extremely knowledgable about the subject matter. A must take class
1772	N	He is not actually a professor. He is a grad student, and has really no idea what he is doing. I was looking forward to taking this class, but I ended up learning nothing from and it was a complete waste of 4 credits/lot's of $$. If I had had a professor that had ever taught before in his/her life, I know I would have loved this class.
1773	P	One of my favorite classes at NYU. Jennifer was fun, helpful, and extremely smart, which made every class enjoyable. I wish I could take another class with her.
